MAXIMUM TRADING GAINS WITH
ANCHORED
VWAP
The  Perfect Combination
of Price,Time &VolGreupBuys_ Bdi
By Brian Shannon,CMT
MAXIMUM TRADING GAINS WITH
ANCHORED
VWAP
ToePiercef,cit Cmeo&mVboi nlGationrreupBuyS  Bd
By Brian Shannon,CMT
PRAISE
Over the years,Brian has developed strategies to effectively utilize the Anchored VWAP indicator into his trading  strategies.This book clearly lays out how anyone can combine price,time,and  volume  to  filter  out  the  market  noise.Once  only  used  by  institutional
traders,the Anchored VWAP is now available to all investors on more platforms and Brian  Shannon is directly responsible for bringing it to the masses.
Thomas  Thornton,Founder,Hedge  Fund  Telemetry  LLC  @TommyThornton
Brian Shannon cemented himself as one of the greatest technicians of all time with his first  book,Technical  Analysis  using  Multiple  Timeframes.Now,with  new  technology,
tools  and  data,he's  taking  an  already  legendary  career  to  another  level.In  his  new
book,Maximum Trading  Gains with the Anchored VWAP,every trader  and investor can learn how to use the Anchored VWAP to both profit and manage risk.Brian expertly
breaks  down  these  concepts,as  well  as  the  simple  tools  and  strategies  every  market
participant  needs  to  understand,regardless  of  experience  or  portfolio  size.Be  a  better investor.Read  this  book.
JC   Parets,CMT   President    &Founder,allstarcharts.com   @allstarcharts
Maximum Trading Gains with the Anchored VWAP provides a simple explanation on
how to identify price levels being targeted by large institutional money.Brian walks you through the logic behind his theory and how to implement the  strategy using Anchored  VWAP.This book has given me a new perspective when looking at stock charts.
Chris  Worden,President,TC2000   Software  Company
If you  want  to  identify  the  next  great  stock,then  understanding  institutional
accumulation  is  critical.I remember the  first  time  Brian  showed  me how he used
PRAISE
多年来，Brian  已经开发出有效利用锚定VWAP 指标的交易策略。这本书清晰地阐述
了任何人如何结合价格、时间和成交量来过滤市场噪音。过去只有机构交易员使用的 锚定VWAP,   现在所有投资者都可以在更多平台上使用，而Brian       Shannon直接负
责将其推广给大众。托马斯 ·索恩 (Thomas             Thornton), 创始人，对冲基金遥测有 限 公 司 @TommyThornton      布莱恩 ·沙伦 (Brian         Shannon) 凭借他的第一本书
《多时间框架技术分析》奠定了自己作为史上最伟大技术分析家的地位。现在，随着 新技术、工具和数据，他正将已经传奇的职业生涯提升到新的高度。在他的新书《锚 定VWAP 的最大交易收益》中，每位交易员和投资者都可以学习如何使用锚定
VWAP 来盈利和管理风险。布莱恩巧妙地分解了这些概念，以及每位市场参与者都需 要了解的简单工具和策略，无论经验或投资组合规模如何。成为更好的投资者。阅读 这本书。JC         Parets,CMT,总裁兼创始人， allstarcharts.com               @allstarcharts
《锚定VWAP 的最大交易收益》提供了一种简单的解释，说明如何识别被大型机构资  金瞄准的价格水平。布莱恩带你了解他理论的逻辑，以及如何使用锚定VWAP 实施该  策略。这本书让我在查看股票图表时有了新的视角。克里斯 ·沃登 (Chris          Worden), 总裁，TC2000  软件公司如果你想找到下一只伟大的股票，那么理解机构积累至关重  要。我记得布莱恩第一次向我展示他是如何使用
Anchored VWAP to track the institutional footsteps.It was almost as ifhe used a
magnifying glass on the trading activity.This book will give you an edge and teach you how the markets really work.
Irusha Peiris,CMT,Portfolio Manager,O'Neil Global Advisors Inc.@irusha
I have known Brian Shannon for years and have been impressed with his clear-headed, structured approach to technical analysis.In his latest book he takes trader education to a new level,elaborating how to make use of Anchored VWAP(AVWAP)and explaining in detail how and why it is a valuable trading tool.Each chapter itself is anchored by
specific,practical objectives and charts and examples nicely illustrate the trading ideas. Particularly insightful is a description of how institutions execute large orders in the
stock market and an explanation of how AVWAP can help traders take advantage of
their actions.Also quite helpful is an account of how AVWAP can help traders exploit    breakout patterns and trends.This is a clearly written text that can benefit developing and experienced traders alike.
Brett N.Steenbarger,Ph.D.Author of The Daily Trading Coach @steenbab Brian Shannon takes an esoteric institutional trading tool called volume-weighted
average price(VWAP)and brings it current for retail investors using an anchoring
technique(AVWAP).He thoroughly breaks down the market mechanics of how large
institutions use VWAP and why it's important.Then,Shannon presents an expanded set of use cases for the retail trader that builds on the anchoring work of Paul Levine,PhD.  The entire book is written in plain English and rooted in a common sense approach that  pervades Shannon's cannon of trading tutelage.
Jared Blikre,Yahoo Finance Global Markets Reporter @SPYJared
Every now and then,a trader develops a unique analysis for a series of trades well
outside of other approaches.The analysis evolves to create a strategy for approaching the markets differently.The AVWAP maps previously unknown areas of support or
resistance for stock prices to trade against.In an industry with so many varied
approaches to the market,Brian's work continues to deliver a logical methodology to  establish trade entry management rules.With clear examples,this book will helpyou refine entries and exits for profitable portfolio management.
锚定VWAP 以追踪机构行为。这几乎就像他用放大镜观察交易活动一样。 这本书将为你提供优势，并教你市场是如何真正运作的。
Irusha     Peiris,CMT,投资组合经理，O’Neil   全球顾问公司@irusha
多年来我一直认识Brian         Shannon, 并对他清晰、结构化的技术分析方法印  象深刻。在他的最新书中，他将交易教育提升到了新的水平，详细阐述了如  何利用锚定VWAP(AVWAP),        并解释了为什么它是宝贵的交易工具。每  一章本身都由特定的、实用的目标锚定，图表和实例很好地说明了交易理念。 特别有见地的是对机构如何在股市执行大订单的描述，以及AVWAP   如何帮   助交易者利用其行动的解释。此外，AVWAP   如何帮助交易者利用突破模式   和趋势的描述也非常有帮助。这是一本清晰撰写的文本，无论是对发展中的   还是经验丰富的交易者都有益。
BrettN.Steenbarger,Ph.D.             作者of   The   Daily    Trading    Coach   @steenbab
Brian   Shannon将一个名为成交量加权平均价格 (VWAP)    的神秘机构交 易工具，通过锚定技术 (AVWAP)     为零售投资者更新。他详细解析了大型 机构如何使用VWAP  的市场机制及其重要性。接着， Shannon      基 于Paul
Levine,PhD  的锚定工作，为零售交易者提出了一套扩展的使用案例。整本  书用通俗易懂的语言写成，根植于Shannon    交易教学体系中普遍存在的常识 方法。
Jared    Blikre,Yahoo     Finance全球市场记者@SPYJared
不时，一位交易者会针对一系列交易发展出一种独特的分析方法，该方法远超其他 方法。这种分析方法不断演变，以创建一种不同的市场参与策略。AVWAP  将股票 价格中先前未知的支撑或阻力区域映射出来，用于进行交易。在市场存在如此多不 同方法的情况下，布莱恩的工作持续提供一种逻辑方法，用于建立交易入场管理规 则。通过清晰的示例，这本书将帮助您优化盈利的投资组合管理中的入场和出场。
Greg   Schnell,CMT,MFTA,OspreyStrategic.org   @Schnellinvestor
Within  the  broad  discipline  of technical  analysis,there  are  many  narrower  topics  where investors and traders can focus to try to find an edge.Many of those topics have a “go-   to”expert  who  becomes  a  “must-read”on  the  subject.Steve  Nison  for  Japanese
Candlesticks,Jeremy  du  Plessis  for  Point  &Figure,John  Murphy  for  Intermarket
Analysis,and  Perry  Kaufman  for  Trading  Systems.Brian  Shannon  has  become  that
person for Anchored VWAP with his masterful approach that can be used by beginners and  professionally  alike.
Dan Russo,CMT,Portfolio Manager @DanRusso_CMT
Brian is one of the best in the business at technical analysis.The way he simplifies
concepts  and  explains them  is truly remarkable.Traders  of all  levels will  appreciate the  ideas presented in this book and can apply them to their trading immediately.This book is a MUST have in every trader's library.
Joe  Fahmy,joefahmy.com   @jfahmy
There's  nothing  average  about  Brian's  approach  to  volume  weighted  average  price
(VWAP).He  is  the  go-to  authority  ifyou're  interested  in  an  actionable,clearcut,step-by- step approach to trading with the VWAP indicator.But what I like specifically about
Brian's  approach  to  trading  is  that  it  mirror's  his  personality:he's  unassuming,down  to earth,logical,and  deliberate  in  his  actions.This  book  delivers  a  no-frills,no-fluff,real-   world approach to trading today's constantly evolving and increasingly complex
financial  markets  that  are  largely  driven  by  automated  institutional  order  flow.You
won't  find  any  get-rich-quick  pipe  dream  indicators  here,just  a  real-world  approach  to trading  today's  complex  markets  from  a  real  trader.
Todd Gordon,Founder,TradingAnalysis.com and New Age Wealth Advisors,LLC
In my 25-year career as a Floor Trader and Electronic Trader at CME Group,Brian's
teachings on how to use an AVWAP has been the most important toolI've added to my
strategy.This book has once again opened my eyes to ways to use AVAWP that I had not thought of and will be adding some of these new ways to my  strategy.
Anthony Crudele,Trader and Host of Futures Radio Podcast  @AnthonyCrudele
格雷格 ·施奈尔，CMT,MFTA,OspreyStrategic.org                      @Schnellinvestor
在技术分析的广阔领域中，有许多更细分的主题，投资者和交易者可以专注 于其中，试图找到优势。其中许多主题都有“首选”专家，他们成为该主题 的“必读”人物。史蒂夫 · 尼森之于日本蜡烛图，杰里米 · 杜普莱西之于点与  图，约翰 · 墨菲之于跨市场分析，以及佩里 · 考夫曼之于交易系统。布莱恩 · 沙 伦已成为锚定VWAP   的“首选”人物，他精湛的方法可供初学者和专业人士 alike 使用。
丹·鲁索，CMT,  投资组合经理@DanRusso_CMT
Brian 是技术分析的顶尖专家之一 。他简化概念并解释的方式真正令人惊叹。 所有水平的交易者都会欣赏本书中提出的观点，并可以立即将其应用于交易。 这本书是每位交易者图书馆中必备的。
Joe Fahmy,joefahmy.com @jfahmy
Brian   对成交量加权平均价格(VWAP)   的方法没有任何平庸之处。如果你对使
用 VWAP   指标进行可操作的、明确的、逐步的交易方法感兴趣，他是你寻求的 权威。但我特别欣赏Brian   对交易的方法，因为它反映了他的个性：他谦虚、
脚踏实地、逻辑性强，并在行动中深思熟虑。这本书提供了一种不费吹灰之力、
不掺水分、面向现实世界的交易方法，用于当今不断变化且日益复杂的金融市场， 这些市场在很大程度上由自动机构订单流驱动。在这里，你不会找到任何快速致  富的幻想指标，只有一个真正的交易者对当今复杂市场的现实方法。
Todd  Gordon,创始人，TradingAnalysis.com 和 New Age Wealth Advisors,LIC
在我作为 CME    Group的场内交易员和电子交易员长达25年的职业生涯中， Brian  关于如何使用AVWAP   的教诲是我添加到策略中最重要的工具。这本书再次让我看 到了使用AVAWP 的方法，这些方法我之前没有考虑到，并将添加其中一些新方法 到我的策略中。
Anthony      Crudele, 交易员和Futures     Radio播客主持人@AnthonyCrudele
I was at the trading conference in San Diego when Brian revealed his latest contribution to the trading community-the Anchored VWAP.I still remember the scene of a few
veteran traders hustling over to huddle with Brian after his presentation to learn more. It is an indicator of true trading wisdom.Since this conference,we have taught our
traders to use AVWAPbecause it works.In fact,Brian has visited our prop firm to teach  our traders how to best use AVWAP.We use it daily.For anyone using technical analysis to make trading decisions,this is an essential trading indicator to build effective trading  strategies.
Mike Bellafiore,Co-Founder,SMB Capital @MikeBellafiore
Brian is a remarkable trader,who innately understands the value of weighting price
action over emotion.But his real talent lies in his ability to explain technical concepts so that they are not only relatable,but actionable.His work here on Anchored VWAP,and   the potential strategies for its use,will change the way you view markets-and inspire    you to become a more profitable trader.
Brian Lund,Publisher,Lund Loop newsletter thelundloop.com @bclund We allknow Brian is the godfather of the VWAP,so considering that VWAPs are a major  component of my daily charting and technical analysis,I was excited to read his new
book and it didn't disappoint.It's a must-read for every trader and investor.
Jonah Lupton,Founder,Lupton Capital @JonahLupton
Brian Shannon empowers readers with the tools to take price and volume data,and
draw their own market narratives.Alongside the math,Brian thoughtfully discusses
who the market players are and what motivates them to buy and sell when they do.It's a must-read,notjust for traders and chartists,but for anyone wanting to understand
what makes prices move.
Sam Ro,CFA,Founder,TKer.co @SamRo
I'll never forget the day I first was introduced to Anchored VWAP.I was at an investing   conference,in the audience,watching Brain as he spoke about AVWAP on stage.Most of the audience(me included)were drooling at the concept.I liked it so much that I later
asked Brian for his blessing to deploy a version of it in Trendspider.It is legitimately a
我参加了在圣地亚哥的交易会议，当时布莱恩向交易界展示了他的最新贡献——锚定 VWAP。我仍然记得几位资深交易员在布莱恩演讲后匆匆赶过去与他围在一起学习更 多。这是一个真正的交易智慧指标。自那次会议以来，我们一直教导我们的交易员使 用AVWAP,  因为它有效。事实上，布莱恩曾到我们的做市商公司来教我们的交易员 如何最好地使用AVWAP。  我们每天都在使用它。对于任何使用技术分析来做出交易 决策的人来说，这是一个构建有效交易策略的必要交易指标。
Mike     Bellafiore,联合创始人，SMB    Capital    @MikeBellafiore
Brian   是一位杰出的交易员，他天生理解重视价格行为而非情绪的价值。但   他的真正才华在于他能够解释技术概念，使它们不仅易于理解，而且可操作。 他在这里关于锚定VWAP  的工作及其潜在应用策略，将改变你看待市场的   方式——并激励你成为更盈利的交易员。
Brian  Lund,出版人，Lund Loop,通讯thelundloop.com    @bclund
我们都知道Brian  是 VWAP 的教父，考虑到VWAP 是我日常图表分析和技术分析 的重要组成部分，我很高兴读到他的新书，而且它没有令人失望。这是每位交易员 和投资者的必读之作。
Jonah Lupton,创始人，Lupton Capital @JonahLupton
Brian Shannon为读者提供工具，让他们能够利用价格和成交量数据，自行绘制市  场叙事。除了数学之外，Brian  还周到地讨论了市场参与者是谁，以及是什么促使他 们在特定时机买入和卖出。这是一本必读之作，不仅适用于交易员和图表分析师，也 适用于任何想了解价格波动原因的人。
Sam Ro,CFA,创始人，TKer.co @SamRo
我永远不会忘记第一次接触到锚定VWAP的那一天。当时我参加了一个投资会议，作为观  众，在台上观看Brain 讲解AVWAP。大部分观众(包括我)都对这个概念着迷。我非常喜 欢它，后来请求Brain的许可，在TrendSpider  中部署了它的一个版本。这确实是一个
game changing tool,and has since become one of the only indicators I consistently use because  it  helps  me  make  better trading  decisions.If you  trade  or  invest,you  should
definitely  read  this  book-it  will  helpyou  understand  price,volume  and  time,and  give you  a new tool that will helpyou become  a better trader
Dan    Ushman,Founder,TrendSpider     @danushman
Brian  Shannon has done it again.In his latest opus Maximum Trading Gains with the
Anchored  VWAP,Shannon  turns  complicated  technical  analysis  indicators  into  easy-to-    use  tools  for  new  traders  and  seasoned  vets.With  plain  language,loads  of  examples  and clear charts,Brian shows you how Anchored Volume Weighted Average Price gets you
better  trade  entries  and  exits.
Jeffrey  Hirsch,Editor  in  Chief,Stock  Trader's  Almanac  @AlmanacTrader
As a price and volume trader of growth stocks,Anchored VWAPhas added more value to my trading in recent years than any other concept.AVWAP shows you the price levels
where decisions need to be made.It is the fulcrum in price where we discover who is
really  in  charge,the  buyers  or  the  sellers.The  concepts  and  strategies  Brian  teaches
are simple to understand and easy to apply.This book and AVWAP should be a staple in every  trader's  library  and  methodology.It  is  that  powerful.
Tom Canfield,CEO BeDumbFollowPrice.com,@Canny4
I've known Brian for more than a decade and there is no one I know who is better at applying market technicals to continually be in a position to succeed.His ability to
quickly change his opinion when he is wrong is something that very few people have and helps him stand out.Dare I call it his superpower?His latest work in Maximum    Trading Gains with the Anchored VWAP is going to continue to help investors and
traders   alike;better   yet,helpour    entire    industry.
Ryan Detrick,Chief Market  Strategist,Carson  Group  @Ryan  Detrick
Brian takes a complex subject in the financial markets and makes it easy to understand through   explaining  the  who,what,why,and  how.This  book  helps  readers  understand  how basic supply and demand principles drive the markets without the need to go
through  an  entire  economics  course.If  you're  looking  to  understand  technical  concepts
一款改变游戏的工具，从此成为我持续使用的指标之一，因为它帮助我做出更 好的交易决策。如果你进行交易或投资，绝对应该读这本书——它将帮助你理 解价格、成交量和时间，并为你提供一个新工具，帮助你成为更好的交易者。
丹 ·厄什曼，创始人，TrendSpider  @danushman
布莱恩 · 沙伦再次做到了。在他的最新著作《锚定VWAP   实现最大交易收益》 中，沙伦将复杂的技术分析指标转化为新交易者和经验丰富的交易者易于使  用的工具。通过平实的语言、大量的示例和清晰的图表，布莱恩向你展示了 锚定成交量加权平均价如何帮助你获得更好的交易入场和出场。
杰弗里 ·赫希，主编，股票交易者年鉴@AlmanacTrader
作为一名价格和成交量交易者，锚定VWAP   近年来给我的交易带来的价值超 过了任何其他概念。 AVWAP   向你展示了需要做出决策的价格水平。它是价 格中的支点，在那里我们发现谁真正掌控局面，是买方还是卖方。布莱恩教 授的概念和策略简单易懂且易于应用。这本书和AVWAP  应该是每个交易者 图书馆和方法论中的必备之选。它就是如此强大。
Tom Canfield,BeDumbFollowPrice.com的CEO,@Canny4
我认识Brian 已经超过十年了，在我认识的这些人中，没有人能像他一样擅长将市 场技术应用于持续保持成功的位置。当他是错的时，他能够迅速改变自己的观点， 这是很少人具备的能力，也帮助他脱颖而出。我敢称之为他的超能力吗?他在
《最大交易收益》中使用锚定VWAP 的最新工作将继续帮助投资者和交易者；更 棒的是，将帮助我们的整个行业。
Ryan    Detrick,Carson     Group首席市场策略师，@Ryan   Detrick
布莱恩将金融市场的复杂主题通过解释人物、事件、原因和方式，使其变得 易于理解。这本书帮助读者在不需要完整学习一门经济学课程的情况下，理 解基本的供需原理如何驱动市场。如果你希望理解技术概念
in the market and how they can be applied to actual trading strategies,this is a book you will want to have on your desk.
Jake Wujastyk Trendspider.com,Founding Team @Jake    wujastyk
Brian's new book on reactive technical analysis is a great edition to any trader's library. He explains in detail how traders can use the Anchored VWAP to create profitable
trading strategies.If you're looking for a way to quantify trading price action and increase your odds of profitability,this book is for you.
Steve Burns,NewTraderU.com @SJosephBurns
Telegram:
在市场上以及它们如何应用于实际交易策略，这是一本书 你将希望在你的桌子上拥有。
Jake Wujastyk TrendSpider.com,创始团队@Jake_wujastyk
Brian 关于反应式技术分析的新书是任何交易者图书馆的伟大补充。 他详细解释了交易者如何使用锚定VWAP 来创建盈利
的交易策略。如果你在寻找一种量化交易价格行动的方法和 提高您的盈利机会，这本书适合您。
史蒂夫 ·伯恩斯，NewTraderU.com          @SJosephBurns
Telegram:@Grou                  Bot
MAXIMUM TRADING
GAINS  WITH
ANCHORED VWAP
Telegram:@GroupB
使用锚定VWAP获得最 大交易收益
Telegram:@GroupBuys      Bot
MAXIMUM  TRADING  GAINS  WITH ANCHORED  VWAP:THE  PERFECT COMBINATION   OF   PRICE,TIME,&
VOLUME
Telegram:@Gro                    Bot
LPHATRENDSNET  PUBLISHING      LLC
最大交易收益与
锚定VWAP:  完美的 价格、时间、&
Telegram:@Gro
Ol LPHATRENDS.NET PUBLISHING LLC
成交量
Copyright   ◎2023  by  Brian  Shanon.
All  rights  reserved.This  book  or  any  portion  thereof  may  not  be  reproduced  or  used  in
any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for  the  use  of  brief  quotations  in  a  book  review.
Published     by      Alphatrends     Publishing      LLC,Denver,Colorado(https://Alphatrends.net)
Limitation  of  Liability  and  Disclaimer  of  Warranty:This  book  is  not  a  source  of
investment   advice.All   information   and   any   opinions   expressed   are   intended   for   general informational   and   educational   purposes    only.
Although  this  publication   is   designed  to  provide   accurate  information  in  regard  to  the
subject   matter   covered,the   publisher   and   the   author   assume   no   responsibility   for
errors,inaccuracies,omissions,or    any     other     inconsistencies     herein.This    publication     is  meant  as  a  source  of  valuable  information   for  the  reader;however,it  is  not  meant  as  a replacement for direct expert assistance.If such a level of assistance is required,the
services  of  a   competent  professional   should  be  sought.
Opinions  expressed  are  subject  to  change  without  notice.The  risk   of  loss   in  stock
trading can be substantial and traders should carefully consider the inherent risks of investments  in  light  of  their   specific  financial  conditions.
Charts  courtesy  of  and  produced  by   TC2000,which  is  a  registered  trademark  of  Worden  Brothers,Inc.,PO    Box     1139     Wilmington,NC     28402.Ph.(800)776-4940    or(919)408-0542. www.TC2000.com
First Printing,2023
Printed   in   Canada
ISBN:979-8-9868680-1-1
版权所有◎2023由Brian Shanon.
版权所有。未经出版者事先书面许可，本书或其任何部分不得以任何形式复制或使用， 但书评中引用简短摘录除外。
由 Alphatrends    Publishing     LLC出版，丹佛，科罗拉多州 (https://Alphatrends.net)
责任限制与免责声明：本书并非投资建议来源。所有信息及任何表达的观点仅用于 一般性信息和教育目的。
尽管本出版物旨在提供关于所涵盖主题的准确信息，但出版者及作者对其中出现的 错误、不准确、遗漏或其他任何不一致不承担责任。本出版物旨在为读者提供有价 值的信息来源；然而，它并非直接专家协助的替代品。如需此类协助，应寻求合格 专业人士的服务。
所表达的观点可能未经通知而更改。股票交易的损失风险可能很大，交易 者应结合其具体财务状况仔细考虑投资的固有风险。
图表由TC2000提供和制作，Worden        Brothers,Inc.的注册商标，地址为PO Box  1139
Wilmington,NC   28402。电话：(800)776-4940或(919)408-0542。www.1C2000.com
首版印刷，
2023加拿大印刷ISBN:
979-8-9868680-1-1
It is said that a man's succes is in direct proportion to the kind of woman
with whom he shares his life.My wife Leanne brings out the best in me,in   my work and my personal life.I am truly blessedto be able to share in all of life's ups and downs with her.I love you Leanne.
legram:
据说一个人的成功与他共享生活女人的种类成正比。我的妻子莱恩在 我工作和个人生活中都带出了最好的我。我真的很幸运能够与她分享 生活中的所有起起落落。我爱你，莱恩。
Telegram:@Group
CONTENTS
FORWARD
PREFACE
INTRODUCTION
am :                              ot
PART I FOUNDATIONS
CH.1  VWAP  AND  AVWAP
Components of the VWAP and AVWAP:Price,Time,and Volume
Volume Weighted Average Price(VWAP)
Anchored Volume Weighted Average Price(AVWAP) How VWAP andAVWAP Became Analysis Tools
目录
前言
序言
引言
m
第一部分基础
第1章VWAP 和 AVWAP
VWAP和AVWAP的组成部分：价格、时间和成交量
成交量加权平均价格(VWAP)
锚定成交量加权平均价格(AVWAP)
VWAP  和 AVWAP   如何成为分析工具
How VWAP andAVWAP Help Traders
Who is in Control?Bulls or Bears?
VWAP or AVWAP?
CH.2     PRICE,TIME,AND     VOLUME
What is Price and Why is it Important?
Time and Multiple Timeframes
Volume
CH.3      INSTITUTIONAL  BACKGROUND AND
eleg         ALGORITHMICITRADING SBt
Why Institutions Use VWAP
CH.4   MARKET   SENTIMENT   TOOLS,
PSYCHOLOGY,AND ANCHORING
Market Sentiment
Personal Psychology and Anchoring
CH.5      ANCHORED VWAP COMPONENTS AND
COMPARISONS
CH.2
CH.3 Tele
第4章
第5章
VWAP 和 AVWAP 如何帮助交易者
谁在掌控?牛市还是熊市?
VWAP 还是AVWAP?
价格、时间和成交量
价格是什么以及为什么它很重要? 时间和多个时间框架
成交量
机构背景和
uys_Bot算法‘交易
uys_Bot
机构为什么使用VWAP
市场情绪工具、心理学和锚定市场情绪 个人心理学和锚定
锚 定VWAP   组件和比较
AVWAP:An Unbiased Analysis of Market Flow
VWAP Calculation
PART II USING AVWAP
CH.1     STRATEGY OVERVIEW
Remember These Principles
CH.2       SUPPORT     AND     RESISTANCE
What is Resistance?
How do We Use Support and Resistance?
Market Psychology:Levels of Interest
How Does AVWAP Play Into Support&Resistance? Market Psychology:Support and Resistance
Market Psychology:Self-Reinforcing Role
How Would You Feel?
Going Deeper:Slope ofthe AVWAP
Market   Psychology:Institutions'Role
AVWAP: 市场流量无偏分析
VwearP 计算
第二部分使用AVWAP
CH.1  策略概述
记住这些原则
CH.2 支撑位和阻力位
什么是Support?
什么是Resistance?
我们如何使用支撑和阻力?
市场心理：兴趣水平
AVWAP如何影响Support     &Resistance?
市场心理：Support    和 Resistance
市场心理：自我强化作用
您会如何感觉?
深入探讨：AVWAP 的斜率
市场心理：机构的作用
CH.3 AVWAP ENTRY AND EXIT TECHNIQUES
Option A:Buy the Touch
Option B:Enter with Momentum
Which is Right for You?
Market Psychology:Price Has Memory,so Use It
Going  Deeper:Support  and  Resistance  Failure
Risk  Management
CH.4     WHERE TO SET THE ANCHOR
Place Anchors at Measurable Events
Price-Based Events
Anchoring to Specific Time-Based Events
Market Psychology:The Art of Anchoring
Risk Management
CH.5  THE  AVWAP  PINCH
How the Pinch Forms
When to Get Involved
CH.3
CH.4
CH.5
AVWAP  入场和出场技术
选 项A:   买入触碰
选 项B:   动量入场 哪个适合您?
市场心理学：价格有记忆，所以利用它
深入探讨：支撑位和阻力位失败 风险管理。
WHERE  TO  SET  THE  ANCHOR
锚定到高成交量事件
在可衡量事件处放置锚点 基于价格的锚点事件
锚定到特定的基于时间的事件
市场心理；锚定艺术 风险管理
THEAVWAP    PINCH
如何形成捏合 何时介入
Market Psychology:Recognize Who has Control
Market  Psychology:How  Committed  Are   Buyers  and Sellers?
Risk Management
CH.6 NEW ANCHOR POINTS IN A TREND(THE
HANDOFF)
Handoffs in an Uptrend
Going Deeper:Entry and Exit with Uptrend Handoffs
Handoffs in a Downtrend
Tele
Going Deeper:Entry and Exit with Downtrend Handoffs
Handoffs in All Timeframes
Going Deeper:Combine the Handoff and Pinch
CH.7     BUY PULLBACKS AND BREAKOUTS?
Pullbacks
Market  Psychology:Support  &Resistance  In  the Rearview  Mirror
Breakout   Trades
Market  Psychology:Why  Breakouts  and  Breakdowns Fail
市场心理：识别谁在掌控
市场心理：买卖双方有多坚定?
风险管理。
CH.6 新趋势锚点(交接点)
上升趋势中的交接点
深入探讨；上升趋势交接点的入场和出场 下行趋势中的交接
Tel                  下行趋势交接的入场与出场
所有时间框架中的交接
深入探讨；结合交接和捏合
第7章买入回调和突破?
回调
市场心理：支撑与阻力在后视镜中
突破交易
市场心理：为什么突破和跌破会失败
Risk Management
CH.8 MULTI-DAY AVWAPS FOR SHORTER-
TERM TRADERS
When You Think You Missed a Move
Buy Red to Green?
Day Three and Beyond:Uptrend
Short Sales with Multi-Day AVWAPs
Sell Green to Red?
Day Three and Beyond:Downtrend
Risk Management
CH.9     AVWAP GAP TRADING
Four Types of Gaps
Psychology:Don't Focus on Labels
Risk Management:Gap Anomalies
Risk Management:Placing Stops
CH.10 THE SHORT SQUEEZE
Short Interest
风险管理。
CH.8  多 日AVWAPS  用于短期交易者
短期交易者
当你认为错过了操作时 买入红变绿?
第三天及以后：上升趋势 多日AVWAP  的短期销售  卖出绿色到红色?
第三天及以后：下跌趋势 风险管理。
CH.9  AVWAP缺口交易 四种缺口类型
心理学：不要关注标签
风险管理：缺口异常.
风险管理：设置止损
第10章短期挤压
卖空
Market Psychology:When do Short Squeezes Occur? Two Types of Short Squeezes
CH.11  IPO  TRADES  WITH  THE  AVWAP
Why Anchor to the IPO?
CH.12   IN    CLOSING
PART III APPENDICES
APPENDIX   A:THE   FOUR   STAGES   OF MARKET     STRUCTURE
APPENDIX     B:MULTIPLE     TIMEFRAMES
APPENDIX   C:SOURCES   FOR   ANCHORED
VWAP   ON   CHARTS
GLOSSARY
BIBLIOGRAPHY
市场心理学：何时发生短期挤压? 两种短期挤压类型
第11章 IPO 交易与AVWAP 为何锚定IPO?
第12章收尾
第二部分附录
附 录A:  四 阶 段 市场结构
yo_Bot
附录 B:  多时间框架
附录C:  锚定
图表上的VWAP  来源
术语表
参考文献
ABOUT     BRIAN     SHANNON,CMT
INDEX
READER REWARDS
Telegram:@Gr
关 于B R I A N   S H A N N O N , C M T
索引
读者回馈
Telegram:@Grou
FORWARD
It has been estimated that during the year 2020,some ten million people opened a brokerage account for the first time.In the first six months of
2021,another ten million new brokerage accounts were opened.If the
statistics are to be believed,then in a span of eighteen months we've seen the start of the investing careers of over twenty million Americans.
According to the brokerage firm Charles Schwab,approximately 15%of its 31.5 million retail customers first got into the stock market in 2020.The
timing,frankly,has  not  been  great.
While the pandemic gave rise to a generational boom in curiosity about
investing and trading,the aftermath has been a punishing experience for most participants.In attempting to estimate the damage of 2022's bear
market,JPMorgan Chase researchers have determined that in the first ten  months of the year,the typical personal portfolio has fallen by 44%.Among some of the younger,more aggressive traders in this newly arrived class,    you can imagine the losses being significantly worse.The anecdotes and
chatter make it abundantly clear that we now have millions of people
risking their money each day in the stock market while very few ofthem
FORWARD
据估计，2020年有大约一千万人在首次开设经纪账户。2021年上半  年，又新增了一千万个经纪账户。如果统计数据可信，那么在十八   个月的时间里，我们见证了超过两千一百万名美国人的投资生涯的   开始。根据经纪公司Charles      Schwab的数据，其3150万零售客户   中约有15%的人在2020年首次进入股市。坦率地说，时机并不理想。
尽管疫情激发了人们对投资和交易的代际热潮，但其后续影响对大   多数参与者来说却是一场严酷的考验。在试图估算2022年熊市造成  的损失时，摩根大通的研究人员确定，在该年的前十个月里，典型  的个人投资组合下跌了44%。对于这个新出现的群体中一些更年轻、 更激进的交易者来说，你可以想象他们的损失会严重得多。轶事和   闲聊使人们清楚地意识到，现在有数百万人每天都在股市中冒险，
而其中很少有人
have any education or strategy beyond reading chat rooms and pressing buttons.
Undoubtedly,in the aftermath of a financial market plunge,people will be out seeking better information about investing.The desire for education   always comes after a lot of money has been lost,never beforehand.And
that's perfectly normal.Every generation has to learn for themselves.The stories ofveterans or the lessons found in books will never be able to
replace the power of firsthand experience with losses.
Many of the new entrants will make the decision that they'd like to do a lot   less overall and leave more of their results in the hands of the market gods. These investors willeventually discover ishares and Vanguard,the SPY
and the QQQ.They'll make simpler decisions about asset allocation and let   the future take care of itself.They'll buy index funds and pursue dollar cost averaging strategies and find something else to talk about at backyard
barbecues now that the desire to trade stocks has come and gone.
But not everyone.
For many,it will become more than just a hobby or a passing fad.The
passion to trade and be involved in the markets willbe a lifelong pursuit.A daily activity.In some cases,a calling.Among the generation of 2020's new  market entrants,millions of people willfind themselves in this category of active trader.And they're going to be on the hunt for methods,strategies    and insights that can help themimprove what they're doing.They'llbe in   search of structure and meaning.Actual expertise.Rules.Signal.Clarity.
One can only hope that they'll encounter the teachings of Brian Shannon, as early as possible,upon theirjourney.
有任何教育或策略，除了阅读聊天室和按按钮之外。
毫无疑问，在金融市场暴跌之后，人们会出来寻找更好的投资信息。 对教育的渴望总是在大量金钱损失之后才会出现，永远不会提前。
这是完全正常的。每一代人都要自己学习。老兵的故事或书中找到 的教训永远无法取代亲身经历损失的力量。
许多新进入者会做出决定，他们希望整体上做得更少，并将更多结果 交给市场神明。这些投资者最终会发现iShares和Vanguard、SPY
和QQQ。 他们会就资产配置做出更简单的决定，让未来自行处理。
他们会购买指数基金，追求美元成本平均策略，并在交易股票的渴望 已经过去后，在backyard       barbecues  上找到其他话题谈论。
但并非所有人。
对许多人来说，这会不仅仅是一个爱好或一时的风尚。参与市场的交 易热情将是一种终身的追求。一种日常活动。在某些情况下，一种使 命。在2020年新进入市场的人群中，数百万人会发现自己属于积极
交易者这一类别。他们将会寻找能够帮助他们改进所做的事情的方法、 策略和见解。他们会寻找结构、意义。真正的专业知识。规则。信号。
清 晰 。
人们只能希望在他们旅途中尽早遇到布莱恩 ·沙恩的教诲。
I first became aware of Brian Shannon toward the end of the aughts decade, in the aftermath of the Great Financial Crisis,when I began writing publicly about stocks and investing on my blog.Then,like now,millions of people
were in search ofgood answers about investing and trading.They watched as some of the most storied investment houses on Wall Street had blown
themselves to smithereens,having ignored even the most basic tenets of   risk management in their own proprietary trading.Was there anyone else out there worth listening to?Worth trusting?The more you'd ask this
question of professionaltraders,the more you'd hear Brian's name.Again and again,the people who knew referred to Alphatrends and Brian
Shannon.
Intrigued,I decided to take a look at what all the buzz was about.Brian was popular among traders on social media,but so were a lot of people.
Watching his early videos,made in the infancy of YouTube,you could tell
there was something meaningful going on,with all kinds ofinstruction and  narration as the screen flashed upon his latest charts and trading setups.    He had an explanation for why he was doing things,and there was a depth   of detail going into his decisions each day you simply did not see elsewhere. His work spoke for itselfandhis popularity as both a teacher and a leader    was not surprising.Brian Shannon is a trader's trader.His influence can be  seen and heard among trading communities around the world.
So Ihad become a fan of Brian's work before meeting him in person.We
eventually got together and bonded over a powerful idea about there being truth in price.Honesty in what people actually do in the markets versus
what they say they do.Price isn't always right but it is absolutely always
the reality ofwhat's taken place that day.Undeniable.So there we were-
he,a trader,and me,an investor,working on very different timeframes and behaving quite differently in the markets each day.But we agreed that
there is meaning to be distilled from the actual buying and selling of real
我第一次意识到布莱恩 ·沙恩是在零点年代末期，在大萧条之后，当
我开始在博客上公开撰写关于股票和投资的文章时。那时，现在一样，' 成千上万的人在寻找关于投资和交易的好答案。他们看着华尔街最负
盛名的投资公司把自己炸得粉碎，因为他们在自己的自营交易中甚至  忽略了最基本的风险管理原则。还有其他人值得倾听吗?值得信任吗? 你问得越多专业交易员这个问题，就越会听到布莱恩的名字。一次又  一次，那些知情者都提到了阿尔法趋势和布莱恩 ·沙恩。
感到好奇，我决定看看这一切的喧嚣是怎么回事。Brian  在社交媒体 上的交易者中很受欢迎，但很多人也是如此。观看他早期制作的
YouTube  视频时，你能看出正在发生一些有意义的事情，屏幕上不 断闪现他的最新图表和交易设置，伴随着各种指导和解说。他对自己 的行为有解释，并且每天在决策上的详细程度是你在其他地方看不到 的。他的工作本身就足以证明一切，他作为教师和领导者的受欢迎程 度也就不足为奇了。Brian  Shannon是交易者的交易者。他的影响 力在世界各地的交易社区中可见可闻。
所以，在见到他之前，我已经成了布莱恩作品的粉丝。我们最终走到一起，并在一个强大的   想法上建立了联系——价格中存在真相。人们实际在市场上做的事情，与他们的说法之间的   诚实对比。价格并不总是正确的，但它绝对永远是那天发生的事情的现实。不可否认。所以， 我们就在那里——他，一个交易员，而我， 一个投资者，我们在不同的时间框架上工作，每   天在市场上表现也截然不同。但我们同意，从实际买卖中可以提炼出意义。我们两人都更倾   向于尊重价格的概念，而不是跟随我们的感觉。我最终内化了并采纳了他最著名的俗语之一：
只有价格会说话。布莱恩喜欢指出，人们可以痴迷于他们想要观察的市场的任何方面或维度， 但最终，股票(或债券、商品、或加密货币)的价格将决定每个市场参与者是赚了还是亏了。 没有条件，没有例外，没有脚注，也没有重来的机会。
market participants.Both ofus preferred the concept of respecting price  as opposed to following our feelings.Ieventually internalized and adopted one of his most well known colloquialisms:Only Price Pays.Brian likes to point    out that one can obsess over any aspect or dimension of market-watching    that they'd like,but,in the end,the price of the stock(or bond,or
commodity,or coin)is the thing that will determine how much has been
made or lost by every market player.There are no conditions,no asterisks, no footnotes and no do-overs.
In his new book,Brian introduces the concept of the Anchored Volume
Weighted Average Price or AVWAP,an evolution of the work he's been
doing for decades.Brian likes to point out that he didn't invent looking at   volume weighted average prices for information,but that he has certainly become the VWAP's adoptive father in terms of promoting its use as a
trading tool.Brian's explanations of this approach to trading,along with
over one hundred color charts,will serve as a definitive framework for
understanding the three most important components in the market:price, time and volume.His constant emphasis on risk management and market   psychology will fill in a lot of the knowledge gaps that so many traders are  currently struggling with,regardless of how long they've been working on  their  craft.
I was fortunate to meet and begin learning from Brian early enough in my career that it's made a meaningful difference in how I think about and
process the things I see across my screens each day.I hope he will have a similar impact on the next generation who will be discovering him for the first time as a result of this book.
Downtown Josh Brown
Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC
Long Island,New York,October 2022
市场参与者。我们两人都更倾向于尊重价格的概念，而不是跟随我们   的感觉。我最终内化了并采纳了他最著名的俗语之一：只有价格会说   话。布莱恩喜欢指出，人们可以痴迷于他们想要观察的市场的任何方  面或维度，但最终，股票(或债券、商品、或加密货币)的价格将决   定每个市场参与者是赚了还是亏了。没有条件，没有例外，没有脚注， 也没有重来的机会。
在他的新书里，布莱恩介绍了锚定成交量加权平均价 (AVWAP)    的 概念，这是他几十年研究成果的演进。布莱恩喜欢指出，他并非第  一个研究成交量加权平均价来获取信息的人，但他无疑成为了
VWAP  推广为交易工具的领路人。布莱恩对这种交易方法的解释，
加上一百多张彩色图表，将作为理解市场三个最重要组成部分——价 格、时间和成交量——的权威框架。他对风险管理和市场心理学的持 续强调，将填补许多交易者目前正苦苦挣扎的知识空白，无论他们  从事这项技艺有多长时间。
我很幸运在职业生涯早期就遇到了布莱恩，并开始向他学习，这对   我如何思考和处理每天屏幕上看到的事物产生了深远影响。我希望   这本书能对下一代产生类似的影响，让他们首次通过这本书认识他。
市中心乔什 ·布朗里索尔特财富管理 公司长岛，纽约，2022年10月
PREFACE
How I Discovered and why
I Usethe Anchored VWAP   Bot
(AVWAP)
I wrote this book to introduce the Anchored Volume Weighted Average
Price(AVWAP)to new users.For those who are familiar with it,this book will advance new concepts and strategies to help you become more
profitable.
Before you dive in,Ithought you'd be interested in how I became an expert on this important tool.Here's my "origin story.”
In the late'70s when I was about ten or eleven years old,I had a clue that I  would do something in the stock market as a career.My father was a doctor and when he wasn't on call we watched Wall $treet Week with Louis
序 言
我是如何发现它的以及原因
我使用锚定的VWAR          Bot (AVWAP)
我写这本书是为了向新用户介绍锚定成交量加权平均价(
AVWAP) 。 对于熟悉它的人来说，这本书将介绍新的概念和策略， 以帮助您获得更高的利润。
在你深入之前，我想你可能对我是如何成为这个重要工具的专家感兴趣。这 是我的“起源故事。”
在20世纪70年代末，我大约十岁或十一岁的时候，我隐约感觉到自己将来 会在股票市场领域发展事业。我父亲是一名医生，在他不值班的时候，我们 会一起看路易斯主持的《华尔街周报》。
Rukeyser on PBS.It's on Bloomberg now,but it started out on Maryland Public   TV.
I was a teenager when LoJack made local news for giving Boston Police
transponders to help with the skyrocketing rate of auto thefts in the city.
With a few years ofw$W under my belt,I had the bright idea to take all the  money I'd earned caddying and delivering newspapers and buy some LoJack stock.At the time it was trading at $5/share and my dad agreed to go in
with me.I turned over my$500 and he bought 1,000 shares.Yes,you're right,he gave me 10:1 leverage and I didn't even realize it at the time.
The shares doubled in about three months.From that point on I wanted to be a “stockbroker,"not because I wanted to sell stocks,but because that's  the onlyjob description I'dheard for someone who works with stocks and  bonds.
After studying business management in college,I started at a firm that is
best described as a boiler room operation.The lines out of the Ben Affleck   movie Boiler Room were basically our sales pitches,but I didn't want to be in sales.I wanted to buy and sell stocks.
Like most brokers learning the ropes,I moved from firm to firm.No one was  teaching technical analysis,they just told you what they wanted you to sell. While I was working at Lehman Brothers,the best producer in my office
used the strategy of buying companies that recorded positive earnings
surprises and used charts to back them up.That's where I learned to be a
salesman,which is an important life skill,but again,not what I wanted to do all day.I'dbeen reading Investors Business Daily,which had some charts,
but I'd still never even heard ofthe concepts ofeither AVWAP or the very closely related Volume Weighted Average Price(VWAP).
Rukeyser    在PBS 上。它目前在彭博上，但最初是在马里兰公共电视台开 播的。
我十几岁的时候，LoJack 因为给波士顿警察提供定位器以帮助解决   城市中急剧上升的汽车盗窃率而上了当地新闻。在W$W  工作几年后， 我突发奇想，想把打高尔夫球和送报纸赚来的所有钱都用来买
LoJack 的股票。当时每股交易价格为5美元，我爸爸同意和我一起投 资。我把500美元交给他，他买了1000股。是的，没错，他给了我
10:1的杠杆，而我当时甚至没有意识到这一 点。
股票大约三个月后翻了一番。从那时起，我想成为一名“股票经纪人”,  不是因为我想卖股票，而是因为那是我听到的唯一一个与股票和债券相关 的工作描述。
在大学学习企业管理后，我创办了一家最佳描述为“锅炉间”操作的 经纪公司。本 · 阿弗莱克电影《锅炉间》中的台词基本上就是我们的  销售口号，但我不想做销售。我想买卖股票。
像大多数刚入行的新手一样，我从一家公司转到另一家公司。没有人  教技术分析，他们只是告诉你该卖什么。在我效力于雷曼兄弟公司期  间，我们办公室最优秀的交易员使用的是买入那些报告了盈利超预期  的公司的策略，并用图表来佐证。这就是我学会了如何成为一名销售  员，这是一项重要的生活技能，但再次，这不是我想要整天做的事情。 我一直阅读《投资者商业日报》,上面有一些图表，但我仍然从未听  说过AVWAP或与之非常相关的成交量加权平均价 (VWAP)   的概念。
Denver lured me from the East Coast in 1991 and I had learned about
technical analysis and started trading online with a 24k dial-up modem.
During the years between 1995 and 1998,I taught a class for the guys in my office on my own methods of technical analysis,even though I still hadn't
been exposed to VWAP.One day I saw an ad,"Trade with our capital.20:1 leverage"which intrigued me.I kid you not,the advertiser's name was
Generic Trading out of New York.They said to trade their funds you had to have $25,000 and be a registered broker.
In 1993,when I was only 23-24,living in a little house with my wife and a
new baby.I didn't have much,but I had my brokers license.So I scraped the money together and quit myjob.It was a completely foolish decision,but it  was also the best decision because it worked out.I controlled$500,000 in
buying power as a trader.The firm gave me almost no support other than a basic quote package.There must have been charts,but I can't remember
them.They would have been basic.They took ten percent of my profits and   part of my commissions.Their idea of support was,"Here's how well you did and here's your check.”
You might not believe that a young man didn't take big advantage of the
leverage,but I couldn't afford to lose money.My$25,000 was really just a
stop loss for my firm,not something I was prepared to lose.I made money
every month using a strong risk management philosophy that sticks with
me to this day:I don't chase things.Risk management is “Job#1”as a trader.
In 2002,I left Generic Trading and worked for MarketWise Securities in
Colorado,where I taught technical analysis and trading classes and headed up the proprietary trading department.MarketWise is where I started
using RealTick software and saw VWAP for the first time.At that time,I saw it as atrendline tool.Most software charts allowed you to draw a straight
horizontal or vertical line.This software had an option to see a VWAP line. Instead of going horizontal it would follow the price up(or down)and then
1991年，丹佛吸引我离开了东海岸，我学习了技术分析，并开始用
24k 拨号调制解调器在线交易。在1995年至1998年期间，我为我办公
室的同事们独自教授我的技术分析方法，尽管我仍然没有接触过
VWAP 。 有一天，我看到一则广告：“用我们的资金交易。20:1杠杆”, 这让我很感兴趣。我向你保证，广告商的名字是纽约的Generic
Trading。 他们说要用他们的资金交易，你必须有25,000美元，并且 是一名注册经纪人。
1993年，我只有23-24岁，和妻子以及刚出生的新宝宝住在一间小房   子里。我没什么,但我有我的经纪人执照。所以我东拼西凑凑够了钱， 辞掉了工作。这是一个完全愚蠢的决定，但它也是一个最好的决定，
因为最终结果是好的。作为一名交易员，我控制着50万美元的购买力。 公司几乎不给我支持，除了一个基本的报价包。肯定有图表，但我记  不清了。它们应该是基本的。他们拿走了我利润的百分之十和我部分   佣金。他们所谓的支持是，“这是你的业绩，这是你的支票。”
你可能不信，一个年轻人没有充分利用杠杆，但我负担不起亏损。我 的2.5万美元对我来说实际上只是我公司的止损点，而不是我准备失  去的东西。我每个月都用一种强烈的风险管理哲学赚钱，这种哲学至 今仍与我同在：1不要追逐。风险管理是交易员“第一要务”。
2002年，我离开了Generic       Trading, 在科罗拉多州的MarketWise
Securities   工作，在那里我教授技术分析和交易课程，并负责自营交易  部门。MarketWise   是我开始使用RealTick  软件并首次看到VWAP的地 方。当时，我将它视为一条趋势线工具。大多数软件图表允许你画一条 水平的或垂直的直线。这款软件有一个选项可以显示VWAP线。它不会 保持水平，而是会随着价格上涨(或下跌),然后
hit a point and bounce.“What is that bounce?”I figured out that it was the average price and concluded that something's here that makes people buy (or sell)at the VWAP level.I knew it was a measure of market psychology   and supply and demand.
RealTick displayed a VWAP for only one day and I found a way to get a five- day VWAP out ofit.I couldn't anchor to the middle of the day or anything
else,but started noticing that it was useful anyway.For a long while I would anticipate with it-use it as an extra piece of information to build my
confidence on a trade I was already looking at.It wasn't my primary tool
then,but was becoming more important.I wanted to know more,like what if I could look at a chart with a VWAP for more than five days?What about
tracking at the start of when a company reported earnings 13 days ago?
The tool wasn't designed to do that,so I hacked it to see the VWAP that way.
I didn't realize why it was important,but knew that it was.
That's when I started wondering how I could view VWAP similar to a moving average instead ofjust a horizontal line.I wrote my first article about it in
2005,“Chase the Gap or Wait for VWAP.”
I continued to track and use the VWAP as I moved on to other business
ventures,including running a day-trading office.In 2015,when Michael
Thompson from the trading platform TC2000 asked me to use their software for teaching my technical analysis classes and in my training videos.I said,   "If you can create a point-and-click volume weighted average price tool for   me that allows me to set multiple starting points and move them around,I'll use your software.”A couple of months later,they did.
TC2000 called this new feature“Anchored VWAP by Alphatrends.”Others  developed their own versions of the same software features and came up   with their own names.I've listed some of these in AppendixC,“Sources for Anchored VWAP on Charts.”
触及一个点并反弹。“那是什么反弹?”我意识到那是平均价格，
并得出结论，在VWAP 水平上存在某种因素促使人们买入(或卖出)。 我知道这是市场心理和供需的衡量标准。
RealTick 仅显示了一天的VWAP,  而我找到了一种从中获取五天VWAP的  方法。我无法锚定在一天的中途或任何其他地方，但开始注意到它仍然很有   用。很长一段时间里，我会用它来预判——将其作为我已关注的交易的一个额 外信息来增强我的信心。那时它还不是我的主要工具，但正变得越来越重要。 我想了解更多，比如如果我能在图表上查看超过五天的VWAP 会怎样?又比  如跟踪公司在13天前报告收益时的起始情况?这个工具并非设计用来做这些  的，所以我修改它来查看这种方式的VWAP。 我当时没意识到为什么这很重  要，但知道它确实如此。
那时我开始思考如何将VWAP 类似于移动平均线一样来查看，而不是仅仅一 条水平线。我在2005年写了我的第一篇文章关于它，“追逐缺口还是等待
VWAP 。”
我继续追踪和使用VWAP,   同时涉足其他商业项目，包括经营一个日 内交易办公室。2015年，当交易平台TC2000 的迈克尔 ·汤普森(
Michael        Thompson)  邀请我使用他们的软件来教授我的技术分析课 程以及制作我的培训视频时，我说：“如果你能为我创建一个可以设 置多个起点并移动它们的点选式成交量加权平均价工具，我就使用你  们的软件。”几个月后，他们做到了。
TC2000 将这个新功能称为“Alphatrends 定制的VWAP”。  其他 人开发了相同软件功能的自己的版本，并提出了自己的名称。我在  附录C, “图表上Anchored    VWAP的来源”中列出了其中一些。
INTRODUCTION
HOW TO USE THIS BOOK
My goal for this book is to give you a thorough understanding of the VWAP and the AVWAP so you can learn how to interpret market action more
accurately.This knowledge will allow you to make better trades.
The typical technical analysis tools to look at on charts are;moving
averages,Moving  Average  Convergence/Divergence(MACD),relative
strength,etc.—they're all part of the universal curiosity people have for
trying to crack “the secrets”of the market.After three decades,I realized
that simplicity is the market's greatest disguise.Simple works.I focus on
the current price,the price's behavior over a few different timeframes,a
couple of moving averages over different timeframes,the volume,and the
AVWAP.The beauty of the AVWAP is it represents the absolute truth of the   relationship between a stock's supply and demand and it is a 100%objective tool.It may be too obvious to repeat here,but the interaction between
supply and demand is the primary determinant of price and the AVWAP is the best tool to show us supply and demand.
This book has three sections.
引言
如何使用本书
本书的目标是让您全面了解 VWAP 和 AVWAP,   以便您能够更准
确地解读市场动态。这些知识将使您能够进行更好的交易。
在图表上典型的技术分析工具包括：移动平均线、移动平均收敛/发散 (MACD)、   相对强弱等——它们都是人们试图破解“市场秘密”的 普遍好奇心的一部分。三十年后，我意识到简单是市场最大的伪装。
简单有效。我关注当前价格、价格在不同时间框架内的行为、不同时 间框架的几条移动平均线、成交量以及AVWAP 。AVWAP 的美妙之  处在于它代表了股票供求关系的绝对真理，并且是一个100%客观的  工具。重复在这里可能太明显了，但供求之间的相互作用是价格的主 要决定因素，而AVWAP  是展示供求的最佳工具。
这本书有三个部分。
PartI,Foundations     of     VWAP/AVWAP-It will benefit both novice and veteran traders to start here.This material is the foundation for
understanding VWAP and AVWAP.You may be familiar with a lot of the
terms and concepts presented,but they have never been presented in
AVWAP analysis.It covers the components of VWAP and AVWAP,how and    why institutions use it,how it is calculated,and the psychology of it.This is a fresh approach.The material laid out here is the foundation for the
strategy  heavy  PartII
Part   II,Using   AVWAP-This is the strategy section ofthe book.It is
packed with charts and detailed strategies you can use in the markets
every day.You will learn how price changes in public markets so you can
find the highest-probability,lowest-risk trade ideas suited to your
personality,timeframe,and objectives.We will study examples ofAVWAP
where it was a definitive signal to act and also study examples where it
provided no value.Nothing works all the time in the markets.Therefore,I
emphasize risk management in every example.I want this book to help you to better understand supply and demand in the markets so you can make
more money.There is nothing more accurate than the AVWAP to guide our   analysis objectively.These are the same strategies Iuse in my daily trading.
Part       III,Appendices-Newer traders who may not be familiar with the
foundations of technical analysis will benefit the most from this section.
They might even want to read this first to see how the information in the
rest of the book fits with concepts I have written about over the last three decades.These are primers on market structure and the Understanding
Market Structure Chart(including the market stages of:Accumulation,
Markup,Distribution  and  Decline),moving  averages,trend  alignment  and   more.You will also find some reference materials to download and software providers ofAVWAP.
第一部分，VWAP/AVWAP  的基础——它将使新手和资深交易者都能 从中受益。这些材料是理解VWAP 和AVWAP的基础。您可能熟悉这 里提出的许多术语和概念，但它们从未在AVWAP 分析中提出过。它 涵盖了VWAP 和AVWAP的组成部分，机构如何以及为什么使用它， 它是如何计算的，以及它的心理学。这是一种全新的方法。这里概述 的材料是策略密集的第二部分的基础。
第二部分，使用AVWAP- 这是本书的策略部分。其中充满了你可以   每天在市场中使用的图表和详细策略。你将学习公共市场的价格变化， 以便找到最适合你性格、时间框架和目标的最高概率、最低风险的交   易想法。我们将研究AVWAP的实例，其中它是明确的行动信号，以   及它没有提供价值的实例。在市场中没有任何东西是永远有效的。因  此，我在每个例子中都强调风险管理。我希望这本书能帮助你更好地  理解市场的供需关系，以便你能赚更多钱。没有什么比AVWAP 更能   客观地指导我们的分析了。这些是我日常交易中使用的相同策略。
第三部分，附录-对于可能不熟悉技术分析基础的新交易者来说，本 节将最有益。他们甚至可能想先读这部分，看看书中其余部分的内容 如何与过去三十年我写过的概念相契合。这些是关于市场结构以及理 解市场结构图(包括市场阶段：积累、拉升、派发和下跌)的入门知 识，还有移动平均线、趋势一致性等更多内容。你还会找到一些可下 载的参考资料以及AVWAP  的软件供应商。
I geared most of the material towards swing trading.Swing traders hold a
stock from a few days up to a couple of months.Swing traders attempt to
have  their  money  in  stocks  that  are  in  a  longer-term  trend,whether  higher or  lower.When  momentum  wanes,it  is  time  to  harvest  profits.Their  goal  is to leverage time and capital by being involved in the primary trend moves   and  to  avoid  the  natural  trend  corrections.When  done  properly,swing
trading attains the goals of steady growth of capital and avoids large losses.
It is up to you whether you want to use technical analysis as a stand-alone   tool,combine  it  with   fundamental  analysis,or  use   other  methods   oftrading and investing.I am not here to convince anyone what to do with their
money,only to provide  a  comprehensive  overview  of the technical tool
which has given me the best results.I have written this book in a way that is  easy to understand,andIam  convinced that you will  choose to make the AVWAP part of your arsenal.
Brian  Shannon,CMT @alphatrends
我将大部分材料都针对波段交易。波段交易者会持有股票几天到几个 月不等。波段交易者试图让他们的资金处于一个长期趋势中的股票， 无论是上涨还是下跌。当势头减弱时，就是收获利润的时候。他们的 目标是通过对主要趋势行情的参与来杠杆时间和资本，并避免自然趋 势修正。如果操作得当，波段交易就能实现资本稳步增长并避免重大 亏损。
您可以选择将技术分析作为独立工具使用，将其与基本面分析结合，或使用 其他交易和投资方法。我并非要说服您如何处理自己的资金，只是提供一种 技术工具的全面概述，该工具给我带来了最佳结果。我以易于理解的方式撰 写了这本书，并坚信您会选择将AVWAP   作为您武器库的一部分。
Telegram:@
Brian Shannon,CMT  @alphatrends
PART IFOUNDATIONS
PART I
FOUNDATIONS
Telegram:@Group
第一部分基础
第一部分
基础
Telegram:@GroupBuys_Bot
CHAPTER 1
VWAP AND AVWAP
"Ifyou  have  knowledge,let  others  light
their  candle  in  it.”
—Margaret Fuller
Telegram:
Chapter  Objectives
1.Understand the difference between VWAP and AVWAP
2.Understand how the VWAP and AVWAP are constructed
3.Understand applications of the VWAP and AVWAP
4.Learn how VWAP and AVWAP became analysis tools
Technical analysis indicators are timing tools,of which the VWAPand
AA VUWATADAP are two.T-hey were creatJedt1o-1helpus: identif.1y- the rig-lht sto-1cks,
at the right time,and at the right price for trading success.Over my 30+
years of trading,I have studied all the popular technical analysis tools at   some point,everything from;MACD,RSI,Stochastics,Kurtosis,Gann,Elliot
第一章
VWAP  和 AVWAP
“如果你有知识，就让它照亮别人的蜡烛。”
—马格丽特 · 富勒
1. 了解VWAP 和AVWAP 的区别
2. 了解VWAP 和 AVWAP 的构建方式
3. 了解VWAP 和 AVWAP 的应用
4. 学习VWAP 和 AVWAP 如何成为分析工具
技术分析指标是时机工具，其中VWAP  和AVWAP   是两种。它们被创建是为了帮助我们识别在 正确的时间、以正确的价格交易正确的股票，从而获得交易成功。在我的■年交易生涯中，我 研究过所有流行的技术分析工具，从MACD、RSI、  随机指标、峰度、甘氏理论、艾略特波浪
理论等等。其中很多都有帮助，但我无法在它们的解释中找到真正的连贯性。我对市场供需的 深刻理解始于2003年，当时我第一次遇到了VWAP 。这本书重点介绍VWAP,   甚至更多是
AVWAP。
Wave,and more.A lot of them were helpful,but I couldn't find true
consistency in their interpretation.My deep understanding of supply and demand in the market came about in 2003 when I first encountered the
VWAP.This book focuses on the VWAP,and even more so,the AVWAP.
Components of the VWAP and
AVWAP:Price,Time,and   Volume
Our study of market action with AVWAP will begin with a study of the three most important variables in  auction markets.Those  are price,time,and
volume and they are the components which build the AVWAP.
Price  is how we keep score.It is how we determine success or failure;there is nothing subjective about its measurement.
Time is a constant.We cannot change or manipulate it.Time is how we
organize market data,and it becomes the most subjective component when you decide where to anchor your VWAP starting point.
Volume  is a variable that is affected by the decisions of allmarket
participants to buy,sell,or stand aside.At any specific price point or within a price range,the number of buyers and sellers varies depending upon a
number of factors.You will learn about these factors in this book.
The study of these market components allows us to glean greater insight  into who has control of price action:buyers or sellers,and how committed they  are  to  their  respective  intentions.Together,price,time  and  volume, helpus to execute more profitable trades.
波浪，等等。其中很多都有帮助，但我无法在它们的解释中找到真正的连 贯性。我对市场供需的深刻理解始于2003年，当时我第一次遇到了
VWAP。 这本书重点介绍VWAP,  甚至更多是AVWAP。
VWAP  和 AVWAP   的组成部分：价
格、时间和成交量
我们的AVWAP   市场行为研究将从拍卖市场中最重要的三个变量开
始。这些是价格、时间和成交量，它们是构建AVWAP  的组成部分。
价格是我们计分的方式。它是我们确定成功或失败的方式；它的测量没有任 何主观性。
时间是恒定的。我们不能改变或操纵它。时间是我们在组织市场数据时使用 的工具，当你决定你的VWAP 起始点时，它成为最主观的组成部分。
成交量是一个受所有市场参与者买卖或观望决策影响的变量。在任何 特定的价格点或价格范围内，买方和卖方的数量取决于许多因素。你 将在本书中学习这些因素。
对这些市场组成部分的研究使我们能够更深入地了解谁控制着价格 行动：买方还是卖方，以及他们对各自意图的承诺程度。价格、时 间和成交量共同帮助我们执行更盈利的交易。
Volume Weighted Average Price
(VWAP)
The  Volume  Weighted Average Price(VWAP)is  the  cumulative average price of a stock traded during one day. The calculation ofthe VWAP
begins the moment the market opens,builds throughout the day,and
concludes at the close ofthe session.For equities,users can choose
whether to use pre/post market hours in the calculation.The daily VWAP resets at the start of each new day.
Because price is weighted by volume,not time,the VWAP is the true dollar average for the time period studied.Each share traded(by retail and
institutional traders,long  and  short)receives  equal  weight in the
calculation.The VWAP is more responsive to volume trends than price
action because ofits volume weighting feature.Accordingly,as volume
levels  change(pace  oftrade)throughout  the   day,heavier  volume  periods have more impact on the movement of the VWAP while lighter volume
periods have less impact on the movement of the VWAP.The VWAP is a straightforward  study.There  are  no  settings,adjustments,or  offsets  to complicate  its  measurement.
Anchored Volume Weighted Average    Price(AVWAP)
The AVWAP is the same as the VWAP except that the starting point(the anchor)for the volume weighted average price calculation is set by the
user at a specific meaningful point;that is,it is not simply the start of the trading  day.
成交量加权平均价(VWAP)
成交量加权平均价 (VWAP)   是在一天内交易的股票的累积平均价。 VWAP  的计算从市场开盘时开始，全天逐步构建，并在交易会结束   时结束。对于股票，用户可以选择是否在计算中使用盘前/盘后时段。 每日VWAP  在每个新一天的开始时重置。
由于价格按成交量加权而非按时间加权，因此VWAP  是所研究时间段内的 · 真实美元平均价。每一笔交易的股票(无论由散户或机构交易者、多头或
空头交易)在计算中获得的权重相同。由于成交量加权的特性，VWAP  对  成交量趋势的反应比价格行为更敏感。因此，随着日内成交量水平的变化  (交易速度),成交量较高的时段对VWAP  的变动影响更大，而成交量较 低的时段对VWAP  的变动影响较小。VWAP  是一项简单的研究。它没有  设置、调整或抵消项来复杂化其测量。
锚定成交量加权平均价 (AVWAP)
AVWAP   与 VWAP   相同，只是体积加权平均价格计算的起始点
(锚点)由用户在某个有意义的特定点上设置；也就是说，它不是 简单地从交易日开始。
When we start the VWAP calculation at a point other than the start of the current  day,it  becomes“anchored”to  that  first  point  and  we  call  it  an
“AVWAP.”The AVWAP allows us to measure VWAP from any point,on any  timeframe,for any interval.The trader chooses a starting point at which to  anchor the VWAP and once the starting point is so anchored,then from that point forward the AVWAP calculates the cumulative price and volume of
each transaction,the result being elegantly displayed like a moving average along with price.
As you will learn,the “anchor point”is the most subjective part of our
analysis.We will explore many valid anchor points to begin our analysis
and why we anchor at those points. The AVWAP broadcasts the message of the market,that is whether sellers or buyers are driving the then-current   price trend,more clearly than any other technical tool I have studied in     my 30+year obsession with the stock market.
The book explains in detail the AVWAP,it's components,calculation,how to choose the anchor point,AVWAP strategies,and how you can use it to
increase your profitability.
There are two VWAP lines in Chart 1.1,the first one(light blue)is anchored to a large price movement event.Because it starts at a point other than the beginning ofa new day,it is an AVWAP.The second one(dark blue)begins   with the new day,this is the traditional VWAP calculation.
当我们从当前日的开始点以外的某个点开始VWAP  计算，它就会
“锚定”到该第一个点，我们称之为 “AVWAP 。”AVWAP      允许我 们从任何点、任何时间周期、任何间隔来测量VWAP。  交易者选择一 个起始点来锚定VWAP,   一旦起始点被锚定，从该点开始，
AVWAP   计算每个交易的累积价格和成交量，结果优雅地显示为价格 沿移动平均线。
正如你所学的，“锚点”是我们分析中最主观的部分。我们将探 讨许多有效的锚点以开始我们的分析，以及我们为什么选择这些 锚点。AVWAP   比我所研究的任何其他技术工具都更清晰地传递 了市场的信息，即卖家或买家是否在推动当时的当前价格趋势。
这本书详细解释了AVWAP,  它的组成部分、计算方法、如何选择锚 点、AVWAP 策略，以及你如何使用它来提高你的盈利能力。
图1.1中有两条VWAP线，第一条(浅蓝色)锚定在一个大的价格变动事件 上。因为它从新一天的开始点以外的位置开始，所以是AVWAP。 第二条  (深蓝色)从新一天开始，这是传统的VWAP计算。
395.00Traditional VWAPbegins at a new day.                395.00NotwotieWhAoliifefesrearnetdtheespitetheir measurement startsThe Anchored VWAP begins at    any point on a chart other than   the beginning of a new day.It is "anchored"to a user definedstarting  point.35505184.D0194.00192.00990.05988.003536just 2 hours apart.
395.00
Traditional VWAP
begins at a new day.                395.00
NotwotieWhAoliifefesrearnetdtheespite
their measurement starts
The Anchored VWAP begins at    any point on a chart other than   the beginning of a new day.It is "anchored"to a user defined
starting  point.
35505
184.D0
194.00
192.00
990.05
988.00
3536
just 2 hours apart.
 TeleeI
Chart 1.1 Each candle on this chart represents two-minutes of trading.Chart:
@TrendSpider
How VWAP and AVWAP Became Analysis Tools
The VWAP and AVWAP have morphed from benchmarks ofexecution
measurement into technical tools that are used by market participants in alltimeframes to assist in trend recognition and timing of buy and sell
decisions.Ifirst noticed a“VWAP”on the trade platform RealTickin 2003. At that time,the only way to view VWAP was from the start ofa new trade day.I found I could change the number of days to view the cumulative
—_传统VWAP在新的日开始。Notice how different it is 尽管它们的测量开始时间 仅相差2小时。仅相隔2小时。1A omThe Anchored VWAP begins at任何图表上的点，除了 新一天的开始。它是 "锚定"到一个用户定义的 起始点。.395.00996.00194.00392.00990.05184.D0
—_传统VWAP
在新的日开始。
Notice how different it is 尽管它们的测量开始时间 仅相差2小时。
仅相隔2小时。
1A o
m
The Anchored VWAP begins at
任何图表上的点，除了 新一天的开始。它是 "锚定"到一个用户定义的 起始点。.
395.00
996.00
194.00
392.00
990.05
184.D0
C     e0                            @                        Bo 图1.1这张图表上的每根蜡烛代表两分钟的交易。图表：@TrendSpider
VWAP      和  AVWAP  如何成为分析工
具
VWAP  和AVWAP   已经从执行测量的基准转变为市场参与者在不同  时间框架内用于辅助趋势识别和买卖决策时机的技术工具。我第一 次在交易平台RealTick  上注意到 “VWAP”   是在2003年。在当时， 查看VWAP  的唯一方式是从新交易日的开始。我发现我可以更改查 看累计的天数
VWAP for as many days as I wanted and this allowed me to choose the day
where I could set my anchor.
This “hack”allowed me to experiment with the week-to-date(WTD),
month-to-date(MTD),and year-to-date(YTD),as well as from gaps and even IPOs.VWAP analysis immediately fascinated me and,more
importantly,I started to make more money in my trading with it.I was hooked by the possibilities  of AVWAP analysis.It remains my most   important technical analysis tool to this day.
It wasn't until 2015 that a major technical analysis platform(TC2000)added
"Anchored VWAP by Alphatrends"to their excellent chart platform.This
was a significant breakthrough for its simplicity and the ability to point and click the anchor from any point on the chart,on any timeframe.From that    introduction to the trading world,there have been several chart
applications that have added the“Alphatrends Anchored VWAP”to their platforms.I am truly grateful that the trading world has embraced the
value of AVWAP analysis and am humbled that my efforts have made it
possible to access the Anchored VWAP on many great chart platforms.See the list of chart platforms with AVWAP in AppendixC,"Sources for
Anchored VWAP on Charts.”
How   VWAP   and   AVWAP   Help
Traders
The way the AVWAP combines price,time,and volume into one easy-to-
understand indicator gives us a blended view of whether it is the buyers or sellers who are in control.This also applies to the VWAP,but for purposes  of this book we are generally focusing on the AVWAP.
VwaP  持续多长时间，我都想，这让我可以选择我设置锚点的日子。
这个“技巧”让我可以尝试周至今(WTD)、 月至今
(MTD) 和年至今(YTD),   以及从缺口甚至IPO  开始。
VWAP  分析立即让我着迷，更重要的是，我开始用这个交 易赚更多钱。我被AVWAP 分析的可能性迷住了。它仍然 是我最重要的技术分析工具。
直到2015年， 一个主要的技术分析平台(TC2000)  才在他们的优秀
图表平台上添加了“Alphatrends 锚点VWAP”。  这对于它的简单  性和从图表上的任何时间点点击锚点的功能来说是一个重大突破。从 那时起，交易世界中有几个图表应用程序添加了 “Alphatrends      锚点 VWAP”  到他们的平台。我非常感激交易世界接受了AVWAP   分析  的价值，也很荣幸我的努力使许多优秀的图表平台可以访问锚点
VWAP。  参见附录C,  “图表上锚点VWAP  的来源”中的图表平台
列表。
VWAP  和 AVWAP   如何帮助交 易者
AVWAP   将价格、时间和成交量结合为一个易于理解的指标的方式， 让我们能够综合地了解是买方还是卖方在掌控市场。这也适用于
VWAP,   但出于本书的目的，我们通常主要关注AVWAP。
This valuable information allows us to better understand market structure SO we can:
·Identify    low-risk,high-probability    market     and    individual     stock opportunities.
·    Time   our  entries  into  the  market   and  individual   stocks  more accurately.
·Stand aside through periods of uncertainty.
·Cut  our  losers  early  based  on  objective  recognition  of  price   action.
·Hold our winners longer.
·Exit   our   winners   more   efficiently.
In short,AVWAP is a tool which can help any timeframe participant   (from daytraders to longer-term investors)make better market timing decisions and achieve greater market profitability.
On  a  chart,the  VWAP  is  represented  as  a  line  along  with  price.The  way  it   builds  with  each  piece  of  data  allows  us  to  recognize  nascent  trends.In  the  chart 1.2,on the left it shows that buyers are in control of the daily session while  the  stock  is  above  the  ascending  VWAP.The  chart  on  the  right  shows
that the sellers maintain control while prices are below the declining VWAP.
Who is in Control?Bulls or Bears?
The  AVWAP  shows  us  the  genuine  relationship  between  price  and  volume    over  any  period.Which  side  is  in  control  and  gaining  or  losing  control  of  the trend,buyers(bulls),or    sellers(bears)?Ourjob    is     to    “objectively     listen    to
这些有价值的信息使我们能够更好地理解市场结构，以便我们能够：
*识别低风险、高概率的市场和个人股票机会。
4更准确地把握进入市场和个股的时间。
*在不确定性时期保持观望。
*根据对价格走势的客观认识，及早止损。
*更长时间地持有盈利头寸。
4更高效地退出盈利头寸。
简而言之， AVWAP   是一个可以帮助任何时间周期参与者(从日内 交易者到长期投资者)做出更好的市场时机决策并实现更高市场盈 利的工具。
在图表中，VWAP   以一条与价格并行的线表示。它通过每一条数据构建的方式使我 们能够识别新兴趋势。在图表1.2中，左侧显示买方控制着每日交易时段，而股票  价格高于上升的VWAP。右侧的图表显示卖方在价格低于下降的VWAP时保持控 制。
谁在控制?是多头还是空头?
AVWAP   显示了在任何时间段内价格和成交量的真实关系。哪一方在掌控趋 势并 gaining   或 losing        control,是买家(多头),还是卖家(空头)?我 们的工作是“客观地聆听
the message of the market”for the timeframe we wish to engage in our   trades.The  AVWAP  provides  as  much  certainty  as  we  can  hope  for  in  the study  of  price  action.
We can measure AVWAPon any security or market where price and
volume data are available.That includes individual stocks,ETFs,futures contracts,cryptocurrencies,and Forex markets.
Sellers in control while priceaction  is  below  declining  VWAP.Buyers  in  control  while  priceaction  is  above  rising  VWAP.One Day
Sellers in control while price
action  is  below  declining  VWAP.
Buyers  in  control  while  price
action  is  above  rising  VWAP.
One Day
Chart 1.2&1.3 Two-minute candles for a stock in an uptrend(left)and down-trend
(right)for one day.Charts:TC2000.com
VWAP or AVWAP?
Do not let the terms VWAP,AVWAP,and“VWAP anchored from”confuse
you.In this material you can assume that any reference to VWAP on its own is for one day.If it says AVWAP it refers to Anchored VWAP and we might
also say "the VWAP from”which means “from the anchor point"and that makes it an AVWAP.
市场的信息”对于我们希望参与的交易时间段。 AVWAP   在价格 行为研究中提供了我们所能希望的最大确定性。
我们可以在任何有价格和成交量数据的证券或市场上测量
AVWAP。这包括个股、ETF 、期货合约、加密货币和外汇市场。
卖家掌控时价格行动低于下降的WWAP。买家掌控时价格行动高于上升的WWAP。es一天
卖家掌控时价格
行动低于下降的WWAP。
买家掌控时价格
行动高于上升的WWAP。
es
一天
图1.2&1.3上涨趋势(左)和下跌趋势(右)的股票两分钟蜡烛图，为期一天。图表：
TC2000.com
VWAP还是AVWAP?
不要让VWAP 、AVWAP   和 “VWAP      anchored      from” 这些术语让你困 惑。在这份材料中，你可以假设任何单独提到的VWAP  都是指一天。如  果提到AVWAP,    则是指Anchored         VWAP,我们也可能说 “the
VWAP        from”, 意思是“从锚点开始”,这样就构成了AVWAP。
There are dozens oftechnical indicators that we can choose to use in our
analysis of stocks and other markets.The VWAP and ability to anchor it
from key price points as an AVWAP is the most accurate visual
representation of who is in control of the market from any specific point.At first glance,the study and implementation of an AVWAP may seem
complicated,but it is a simple study anyone can learn and easily apply to   their market analysis and decisions,regardless of timeframe.By the time   you have read this book,you will recognize the ways the AVWAP simplifies how to observe and more accurately analyze market action.
elegram :@                            ot
我们可以在分析股票和其他市场时选择数十种技术指标。VWAP  以及 从关键价格点将其锚定为AVWAP,   是任何特定点上市场谁在掌控的  最准确的可视化表现。初看之下，AVWAP 的研究和实施可能看似复  杂，但它是一种任何人都可以学习和轻松应用于其市场分析和决策的 简单研究，无论时间周期如何。当你读完这本书时，你将认识到
AVWAP  如何简化观察和更准确地分析市场行为。
Telegram:@Group                Bot
CHAPTER         2
PRICE,TIME,AND
VOLUME
“Time  and  tide  wait  for  no  man.”
Chapter Objectives
1.Understand why price is the most important piece of information in the market
2.Understand  how  price  creates  new  information
3.Debunk  news  media  “reasons”for  price  movement
4.Understand that bull  and bear  labels  are  meaningless without reference to timeframe
5.Identify uptrends and downtrends based on the direction of the highs and lows
6.Understand how trends are formed and why you should trade with  them
第  二  章 价格、时间 和数量
“时间不等人。”
—杰弗里：乔叟
章节目标
1. 了解为什么价格是市场中最重要的 市场信息
2. 理解价格如何创造新信息
3. 揭穿新闻媒体对价格波动的“理由”
4.理解牛熊标签毫无意义 无需参考时间范围
5. 根据高点低点的方向识别上升趋势和下降趋势 的高低
6. 了解趋势是如何形成的以及你为什么要交易 与它们
7.Understand the difference between a price correction and a    time correction and their implications for trend continuation
8.Understand the deeper meaning of what volume tells you about a stock
9.Learn how volume adds meaning to our AVWAP analysis
10.Understand  the  importance  of price,time,and  volume
Then you build a puzzle,you start with the easiest pieces first:the
V       edges.T1h-e edges frame t1he foundation of 1t.he picture.YV ou wo-1r.kC. from
the edges to the next obvious parts like a bright object,oddly shaped pieces, and so on.Slowly,more of the structure of the scene reveals itself and the
pace of progress quickens until you lay in that last satisfying piece to complete the puzzle.
The components of VWAP are price,time,and volume.These are the “edge pieces”in our study of market action in search of the next big winner.On
stock charts,price,time,and volume come together in a way that allows the trained eye to objectively identify whether buyers or sellers have control of a stock's trend,from any start point.From there,we can build our trade
plan to find the lowest-risk,highest-probability trade opportunities on any timeframe.
7.理解价格修正与时间修正的区别及其对趋势延续的影响
8.理解成交量对股票所传递的深层含义
9.学习成交量如何为我们的AVWAP   分析增添意义
10.理解价格、时间和成交量的重要性
当你拼图时，首先从最简单的部分开始：边缘。边缘框定了画面 的基础。你从边缘开始，拼接下一个明显的部分，比如明亮的物体、 形状奇特的碎片等等。渐渐地，场景的结构逐渐显露，进度也越来越 快，直到你放入最后一块令人满意的碎片，完成拼图。
VWAP的组成部分是价格、时间和成交量。这些是我们研究市场行动以寻找 下一个大赢家时的“边缘要素”。在股票图表上，价格、时间和成交量以某 种方式结合在一起，使训练有素的眼睛能够客观地识别买方或卖方是否控制 了股票的趋势，从任何起点开始。从那里，我们可以制定我们的交易计划，
在任何时间框架内找到最低风险、最高概率的交易机会。
Perfect Combination of Price,Volume &Time
VOLUME@alphatrendsAVWAPTelegra                    upBays_BotTIMEPRICE$
VOLUME
@alphatrends
AVWAP
Telegra                    upBays_Bot
TIME
PRICE
$
Alphatrends Anchored VWAP
What is Price and Why is it Important?
We define price as an amount of currency that will purchase a finite
quantity,weight,or other measure of a good or service.In the markets,it    represents the price where the last transaction occurred.It is said,"don't   confuse price with value."Nowhere is this truer than in the markets.Price is the fastest moving market variable.
完美的组合
价格、数量&时间VOLUME@alphatrendsAVWAPTelegrak            oupBlys_BotTIMEPRICE$
价格、数量&时间
VOLUME
@alphatrends
AVWAP
Telegrak            oupBlys_Bot
TIME
PRICE
$
Alphatrends  锚定VWAP
价格是什么?为什么它是 重要的?
我们将价格定义为一个可以购买有限数量、重量或其他商品或服务 措施的货币金额。在市场中，它代表最后一次交易发生的价格。人 们说，“不要将价格与价值混淆。”在市场中，这一点比任何地方 都更真实。价格是变化最快的市场变量。
Price Creates New Information
Price reflects the aggregate of traders'strategies and expectations about
the market's future behavior,and,as a part of that,the current news
headlines and events which affect our economy.It also creates new
information.When prices change,it can cause others to enter or exit the
market based solely on that price move.That is what technical trading is all about.
Price as Cause and Effect
In a supply and demand driven market,also known as a “liquidity market,” price change is not only the effect of participants'actions,but it can also be the cause which motivates participants to act.
The Most Important Price
Whether we gain or lose on a trade is based solely on the movement of
price.There is no other meaningful measurement ofsuccess in the
markets.It is all about your profit and loss,"your P&L"Ifyou have a
position in a stock,the most important price is what you paid and how the market has responded since you got involved.
Time and Multiple Timeframes
Without any other reference,a simple statement such as,"I will call you at nine o'clock,"has little value.Is that AM or PM?Which time zone are we
talking about,what day,this week?In the markets,time and trends can also be ambiguous.When people say they are bullish or bearish,those
pronouncements have little value without a reference to time.
价格创造新信息
价格反映了交易者对市场未来行为的策略和预期，以及作为其中一部 分的当前影响我们经济的新闻头条和事件。它也创造了新信息。当价 格变化时，它可能导致其他人仅基于该价格变动进入或退出市场。这 就是技术交易的全部内容。
价 格 作 为 因 果 关 系
在一个由供需驱动的市场中，也称为“流动性市场”中，价格变化不 仅是参与者行为的效应，还可以是促使参与者行动的原因。
最重要的价格我们是否在交易中获利或亏损完全取决于
价格的变动。市场中没有其他有意义的成功衡量标准。这一切都关 于你的盈亏，“你的P&L” 。 如果你持有一个股票头寸，最重要的 价格是你支付的价格以及自你参与以来市场如何作出反应。
时间与多时间框架
在没有其他参考的情况下，一个简单的陈述，例如，“我将在九点钟给  你打电话，”几乎没有价值。是上午还是下午?我们谈论的是哪个时区， 哪一天，这周?在市场上，时间和趋势也可能是不明确的。当人们说他  们是看涨或看跌时，如果没有时间参考，这些声明几乎没有价值。
Short term pullback.Short term pullback.Short term pullback.Tele  ram:
Short term pullback.
Short term pullback.
Short term pullback.
Tele  ram:
Chart 2.1 This daily chart shows an overall "bullish uptrend”with “bearish periods"on
the pullbacks.Chart:TC2000.com
While it may make sense to say to a friend or business associate,“I will call you at 9 p.m.next Tuesday,"in looking at market trends we cannot be so
precise with our bullish or bearish labels because trends may conflict on different  timeframes.
Ifyou were to ask if the stock in Chart 2.1 was in an uptrend or a
downtrend,either answer could be correct.It depends on your timeframe.
The longer-term trend is clearly higher(as represented by the big green
arrow)but it doesn't mean you couldjust buy at any point and make money. Ifyou purchased at the start of the smaller red arrows,that mark short-
term downtrends,you wouldn't benefit from the longer-term uptrend until the trends came into alignment.
Mm.
we    Ny
短期回调。短期回调。Ait   7短期回调。e
短期回调。
短期回调。
Ait   7
短期回调。
e
图表2.1这张每日图表显示整体“看涨上升趋势”,并在回调中出现“看跌时期”。图 表：TC2000.com
虽然对朋友或商业伙伴说，“我将在下周二晚上九点给你打电话” 可能是有道理的，但在看市场趋势时，我们不能对我们的看涨或看  跌标签如此精确，因为趋势在不同的时间框架上可能会冲突。
如果你问图表2.1中的股票是处于上升趋势还是下降趋势，两种答案  都可能正确。这取决于你的时间周期。长期趋势显然更高(如大绿箭 所示),但这并不意味着你可以在任何时间点买入并赚钱。如果你在 较小的红箭开始处买入，这些箭头标记短期下降趋势，你不会从长期 上升趋势中获益，直到趋势趋于一致。
Why and How to use Multiple Timeframes
We    have    established     that    multiple    trends     exist    for    the     same    stock     on
different     timeframes.The      best     approach      is      to     use      the     timeframes      together. When   we    do   this,we    avoid   the    confusion   of   bull    or    bear   labels    so   we    can
focus    on    how    the    market    operates    and    how    to    make    more    money.
First,we     start      with     the     long-term      timeframe     to      determine     overall      money
flows.Next,we      move      to      the       intermediate-term      to      plan      our       trade.Finally,we consult    the     short-term     chart    to     fine     tune    our     entries     and    exits.
DAILY5  Minute=7813896143003 Months ·30 Minute =13Candles/Day3 Weeks-1715 7  1725 1n2的 B.5Candles/DayOne Day
DAILY
5  Minute=78
13896
14300
3 Months ·
30 Minute =13
Candles/Day
3 Weeks-
1715 7  1725 1n2的 B.5
Candles/Day
One Day
Chart  2.2  These  three  charts  are  the  same  stock  represented  on  daily,30-minute  and  5-
minute           timeframes.Charts:TC2000.com
Chart    2.2    blends     three    timeframes     for    the     same    stock.Look     at    the     bottom   axis     for      the     time      reference.We      start     with      the      long-term     timeframe(three months)to     determine     overall     money      flows;we     then     move      to     the
intermediate-term(three       weeks)to       plan       our       trade;and       finally       we       consult
the      short-term      chart(one-day)to      fine     tune      our      entries      and      exits.
Now   let's   look   at   the    price    action    in   Chart   2.2.To    the    left    are    daily   candles,   with     the     shaded     portion     highlighting     the     last     three     weeks.When     we     switch
为什么以及如何使用多个时间框架
我 们 已 经 确 定 同 一 股 票 在 不 同 时 间 周 期 上 存 在 多 种 趋 势 。 最 佳 方 法 是 结 合 使 用 这 些 时 间 周 期 。 当 我 们 这 样 做 时 ， 我 们 避 免 了 牛 熊 标 签 的 混 淆 ， 因 此 可 以 专 注 于 市 场 如 何 运 作 以 及 如 何 赚 更 多 钱 。
首先，我们从长期时间框架开始确定整体资金流向。接下来，我们转向中期 时间框架来规划我们的交易。最后，我们参考短期图表来微调我们的入场和 出场。
1715骑5分钟  蜡烛/天1.0014300      30分钟  蜡烛/天一天-e-3个月                      3周DAILYayjl
1715骑
5分钟  蜡烛/天
1.00
14300      30分钟  蜡烛/天
一天-e
-3个月                      3周
DAILY
ayjl
图2.2这三个图表表示同一支股票在日线、30分钟和5分钟时间框架上的表现。图表：
TC2000.com
图2 . 2将同 一 支股票的三个时间框架进行了融合。查看底部轴以获取时间 参考。我们从长期时间框架(三个月)开始确定整体资金流向；然后转移 到 中 期 ( 三 周 ) 来 规 划 交 易 ； 最 后 我 们 参 考 短 期 图 表 ( 一 天 ) 来 微 调 我 们 的入场和出场。
现在让我们看看图表2 . 2中的价格走势。左侧是每日蜡烛图，阴影部分突出了 最后三周。当我们切换
to a shorter timeframe it allows us to see more detail of the longer
timeframe,like looking through a magnifying glass.The three weeks
referenced in the middle chart are shown in more detail:30-minute candles instead of daily candles.This middle chart's data is a closer look at the data  shown in the blue-highlighted portion of the leftmost chart;however,the    middle chart shows activity at 13x magnification(there are 1330-minutes   periods per trading day).
The blue shaded part on the middle chart is further magnified on the one-   day chart on the right.The activity on the one-day chart is displayed in 5-   minute candles instead of the 30-minute candles in the middle chart.If you look closely,you'll notice that this final chart shows only the last day of the left chart.Since the one-day chart is constructed of 5-minute candles,of
which there are 78 in each 390-minute trading day,it is like looking at 78x magnification of the left daily chart.
Volume
Volume is the“V”in the VWAP.Volume simply measures the number of   shares(contracts,options,and the  like)transacted  at  a price  or  in  a  price range for various time increments.Vertical bars display trade volume
under the price information.Volume is usedto confirm or reject price direction,not as a timing signal.
When we learn to interpret the price/volume relationship correctly,it
allows us to better gauge the strength of a trend and thus,greater
confidence in our own decisions to buy,sell,or stand aside.Here are a few ways volume is important to our analysis:
·It  assigns  meaning  to  movement,measured  in  a  more  subjective,but more in-depth manner than price action alone.
到更短的时间周期时，它允许我们看到更长的时间周期的更多细节， 就像通过放大镜看一样。中间图表中提到的三周在更详细地显示：
30分钟蜡烛图而不是每日蜡烛图。这个中间图表的数据是对左侧蓝色 高亮部分所示数据的更近距离观察；然而，中间图表以13倍放大倍数 显示活动(每个交易日有13个30分钟周期)。
中间图表中蓝色阴影部分在右侧的一日图表上进一步放大。一日图表 上的活动以5分钟蜡烛图显示，而不是中间图表中的30分钟蜡烛图。
仔细观察，你会发现这个最终图表只显示了左侧图表的最后一天。由 于一日图表由5分钟蜡烛图构成，每个390分钟交易日有78根蜡烛图， 因此它就像观察左侧每日图表的78倍放大。
成交量
成交量是VWAP 中的 “V” 。 成交量简单地衡量在特定价格或价格   范围内、不同时间增量内交易了多少股(合约、期权等)。垂直条  形图在价格信息下方显示交易量。成交量用于确认或否定价格方向， 而不是作为时间信号。
当我们学会正确解读价格/成交量关系时，它使我们能够更好地判断趋势的 强度，从而对自己的买入、卖出或观望决策更有信心。以下是成交量对我 们分析的一些重要性：
*它为运动赋予意义，其衡量方式比仅靠价格行为更主观，但更深入。
·It offers insight into market psychology;it allows us to measure the emotional intensity level of the participants in the market being
studied.
·   It adds a dimension to price study that can confirm price action or signal caution   that   a    move   may    have   difficulty    sustaining   momentum.
The green volume bars correspond with dayswhere the close was higher than the open.The red volume bars correspond with days where the close was lower than the open.Vm                                                          Ue
The green volume bars correspond with days
where the close was higher than the open.
The red volume bars correspond with days where the close was lower than the open.
Vm                                                          Ue
Chart 2.3 Price  and volume  over a  several month period.Each volume bar measures the total amount of shares which changed hands for the period it took to build the price
candle   above   it.Chart:TC2000.com
The traditional way to show volume is directly below the price action.Chart 2.3 shows the volume color coded to the candle above.The green volume
*它提供了对市场心理的洞察；它允许我们衡量所研究市场中参 与者的情绪强度水平。
*它为价格研究增加了 一 个维度，可以确认价格行动或发出警告，表明
一 个走势可能难以维持势头。
Mintdddtethtlcttnnchsbtanel绿色成交量条对应的日子 收盘价高于开盘价。红色成交量条对应的日子 收盘价低于开盘价。Botif Mf Wi,al
Mintdddtethtlcttnnchsbtanel
绿色成交量条对应的日子 收盘价高于开盘价。
红色成交量条对应的日子 收盘价低于开盘价。
Bot
if Mf Wi,al
图2.3价格和成交量在数月期间的变化。每个成交量条衡量了在其上方形成的价格蜡 烛所花费时间内成交的股票总数量。图表：TC2000.com
显示交易量的传统方式是直接位于价格行为下方。图2.3显示了按蜡烛图颜色 编码的交易量。绿色交易量
bars represent the candles where the daily market closing price was higher t han the opening price and the red volume bars represent the days where   the closing price was below the opening price.
Price and Volume Relationship
Volume is the best representation of how committed participants  are to a market at any point.A healthy market move will see volume expand in
the  direction  of  the  primary  trend,peak  near  turning  points,and diminish on the counter trend moves.
High-volume(relative to normal trading activity)can signal times of
stronger confidence in a move,while low-volume times are often a healthy pause as the market digests a price move and traders consider their next    trades.
A drop in volume in an uptrend is not always bearish.It is often a simple
lack of supply in a stock with healthy demand.We want to be aware of the
volume trend,but ifit doesn't confirm price action with a volume expansion in the direction of the trend,it is not a reason to act,just something to be
aware of.The purple line overlaid on the volume bars is the 20-day moving average.
条形图表示当日收盘价高于开盘价的蜡烛图，红色交易量条形图表示 收盘价低于开盘价的日子。
价格与成交量关系
成交量是衡量参与者对市场在任何时间点承诺程度的最佳指标。 一个健康的市况变动将看到成交量在主要趋势方向上扩大，在  转折点附近达到峰值，并在逆势变动中减少。
高成交量(相对于正常交易活动)可以表明对某个变动的更强信心， 而低成交量时期通常是市场消化价格变动并交易者考虑其下一笔交  易的健康暂停。
在上升趋势中，成交量下降并不总是看跌。这通常是股票需求健康时 供应量不足的简单表现。我们想要关注成交量趋势，但如果它没有以 趋势方向扩大的成交量来确认价格行动，那么它就不是采取行动的理 由，而只是需要留意的事情。叠加在成交量柱状图上的紫色线是20日 移动平均线。
to rise to support an uptrend.
epeFebMay
epe
Feb
Chart 2.4 Note that the price is rising,while the volume traded is falling.Chart:
TC2000.com
Volume is Always Second to Price
Volume  analysis  can  supply  us  with  important  information  about  the
conviction of the buyers and sellers in a market.It is important to
remember that volume  is  always  secondary  to  price,as  in  the  end,price  is
the only thing that pays.We now turn to how institutional investors use
VWAP and AVWAP concepts.
上涨以支持上升趋势。
Bot
图2.4注意价格在上涨，而成交量在下跌。图：TC2000.com
成交量总是次于价格
成交量分析可以为我们提供关于市场买卖双方决心的重要信息。重   要的是要记住，成交量总是次于价格，因为最终只有价格是有效的。 我们现在转向机构投资者如何使用VWAP 和AVWAP 概念。
CHAPTER 3
INSTITUTIONAL
BACKGROUND     AND
ALGORITHMIC
TRADING
"Stocks never go up in price by accident- there must be large buying demand.Most of this demand comes from institutional
investors,who account for more than 75% of the buying of the better quality,
leading  stocks.”
—William J.O'Neil from 24 Lessons for Investment Success.
第三章
机构背景与算法 交易
“股票的价格上涨绝非偶然——必定有巨 大的购买需求。这种需求大多来自机构  投资者，他们占优质、领先股票购买量  的75%以上。”
—威廉·J·奥尼尔《投资24课》
成功 。
Chapter Objectives
1.Understand how and why institutions use VWAP and AVWAP
2.Understand institutional orders
This chapter delves into how and why the VWAP became,and remains,
so important to the largest participants in the market,institutional   investors.If we know how institutions use VWAP as an execution tool,we have a better understanding of how to apply it as an analysis tool for our  benefit.When we can recognize the actions of the largest market
participants on a chart,we can join in on emerging trends in individual stocks and the overall market.
Why Institutions Use VWAP
The Volume Weighted Average Price(VWAP)was first referred to in March of 1988 in The Journal of Finance article entitled“The Total Cost of
Transactions on the NYSE”by Stephen Berkowitz,Dennis Logue,Eugene NoserJr.This is essentially when the VWAP was “invented.”
In the article,the authors stated that"The volume weighted average price   on any day represents the price a “naive"trader can expect to obtain.”This article ignited the study,analysis,and implementation of VWAP strategies,  which continues to be developed to this day.
Originally,the VWAP was a benchmark to measure whether an
institutional customer received a fair execution of their order by the broker who bought or sold a stock on their behalf.The difference between the
章节目标,
1.了解机构如何以及为何使用VWAP 和AVWAP2.  了解机构订单
本章深入探讨了VWAP 如何成为以及为何对市场最大参与者—— 机构投资者——如此重要。如果我们了解机构如何将VWAP 作为执
行工具使用，我们就能更好地理解如何将其作为分析工具为我们所 用。当我们能够在图表上识别出最大市场参与者的行动时，我们就 能参与到个股和整体市场的趋势中。
机构为何使用VWAP
成交量加权平均价 (VWAP)   最早于1988年3月在《金融学杂志》的文章 《纽约证券交易所的交易总成本》中由Stephen     Berkowitz 、Dennis
Logue 和Eugene  Noser  Jr.提及。这基本上就是VWAP的“发明”时刻。
在文章中，作者们指出：“任何一天的成交量加权平均价代表了一个 ‘天真’的交易者可以预期的价格。”这篇文章点燃了对VWAP 策略
的研究、分析和实施，这一过程至今仍在不断发展。
最初，VWAP  是一个基准，用于衡量机构客户是否通过为其买卖股 票的经纪商获得了公平的订单执行。VWAP 与
reported price of a trade to the institutional customer and the VWAP let the customer objectively determine if their broker did a fairjob in the
execution of their order.The customer wants to know if they received “fair- value"for the time it took the trades to complete.
A portfolio manager wants to know how the price they paid compares to the average price of the stock during the time it took for the order to fill.If an
order is filled at a price worse than VWAP,it brings into doubt the trading ability of the broker and may cause the manager to reevaluate the
relationship and give their lucrative commission business to another firm.
Institutional  Benchmark  Example
If the broker purchased 2 million shares at an average price of $20.45 and
the VWAP during that time was $20.60,then the customer should be happy they paid$0.15/share less than the average transaction during that time.   If,however,the customer order was purchased at $20.80 when the VWAP
was $20.60,the customer would be unhappy with the broker.No one wants   to pay more than the price a "naive trader can expect to obtain."Customers give more business to firms who consistently do well for them,which means bigger revenues and bonuses at year's end.This objective measure aligns
the goals of the broker and their customer.
This easy-to-understand benchmark comparison is why algorithmic VWAP orders make up most institutional activity.Alarge percentage of
institutional orders in the markets today are executed as“VWAP orders.”
These orders try to obtain a buy or sell price as close to,or better than
VWAP during the time it takes to complete the buy or sell order.Most
brokerages allow their customers to receive a“guaranteed VWAP”price for their orders.These orders reinforce the importance of VWAP,and thus
AVWAP,through volume participation algorithms.
交易向机构客户报告的价格之间的差异，使客户能够客观地确定其经 纪商在订单执行方面是否做得公平。客户想知道他们是否在交易完成 所花费的时间内获得了“公允价值”。
一位投资组合经理想知道他们支付的价格与订单成交期间股票的平均 价格相比如何。如果订单以低于VWAP  的价格成交，这会引发对经纪 商交易能力的质疑，并可能导致经理重新评估合作关系，并将他们有 利可图的佣金业务转给另一家公司。
机构基准示例
如果经纪商以平均价格20.45美元购买了200万股，而该期间的
VWAP 为20.60美元，那么客户应该很高兴他们支付的价格比该期间 的平均交易价格低0.15美元/股。然而，如果客户的订单在VWAP  为
20.60美元时以20.80美元的价格成交，客户会对经纪商感到不满。没
有人愿意支付比“一个‘天真交易者’可以预期的价格’更高的价格。” 客户会把更多业务交给那些始终为他们做得好的公司，这意味着年底
会有更高的收入和奖金。这一客观指标使经纪商和客户的目标保持一 致 。
这个易于理解的基准比较说明了为什么算法VWAP  订单构成了大部
分机构活动。如今市场中很大一部分机构订单都是作为 “VWAP  订单” 执行的。这些订单试图在买入或卖出订单完成的时间内，获得尽可能
接近或优于VWAP  的买入或卖出价格。大多数经纪商允许其客户为  其订单获得“保证VWAP”   价格。这些订单通过成交量参与算法，强 化了VWAP  的重要性，从而也强化了AVWAP   的重要性。
Volume Participation
Since large blocks of securities are rarely bought or sold in one single
transaction,the true aim for a large VWAP order execution is not the best  price,but liquidity;the goal is to make sure the order gets filled in the time allocated with minimum market disruption.The time to fill the order is
irrelevant,it can be a large fund buying millions of shares of a stock over a month,or a longer period,or it could be an order to sell 250,000 shares of a stock between noon and the 4 p.m.close.Market direction is not an actual  concern for VWAP order algorithms,the goal is to take part in volume
proportionately through the  day(or whatever the period)it takes to execute the order in full.
Algorithms
We often hear traders mention “the algos”in a stock.This refers to the
automated buy and sell programs run by large institutions.A trading
business will try to squeeze performance and margins anywhere possible;  it's about being efficient.The pursuit of efficiency in the markets has led to the development of computerized models to remove some variables where  humans might not do as good ajob as a computer.Trading can be tedious
for a person;a computer can refresh or change bids for offers with no
human interaction.Sometimes,to complete a single order,it might take  hundreds ofindividual trades to fulfill it.Computers do not get tired,and the algorithms do what they are programmed to do without mistakes.
Institutions do not want to disrupt the market with large orders,so their
algorithms slice a large order into smaller orders.The smaller orders also mask the true size of their order from other market participants.This is
important so that their orders are not front run(cut in front of)by other
participants.These programs reduce  market  impact  cost,which,of course, help  increase  performance  measurements.
成交量参与
由于证券的大额交易很少在一次交易中完成，因此大型VWAP  订单  执行的真实目标不是最佳价格，而是流动性；目标是确保订单在分配 的时间内完成，并尽量减少市场干扰。订单的完成时间无关紧要，它 可以是某个基金在一个月内买入数百万股股票，或者更长时间，也可 以是在中午到下午4点收盘之间卖出25万股股票的订单。市场方向 对 VWAP  订单算法来说并不是实际问题，目标是参与成交量，在执 行订单的整个时间(或whatever the period) 内按比例进行。
算法
我们经常听到交易员提到股票中的 “algos” 。 这指的是由大型机构   运行的自动买卖程序。一个交易业务会尽可能挤压绩效和利润空间；  这是关于效率的问题。市场中对效率的追求导致了计算机化模型的开  发，以去除一些人类可能不如计算机做得好的变量。对于一个人来说， 交易可能很繁琐；计算机可以刷新或改变报价，无需人工交互。有时， 为了完成一个订单，可能需要数百笔单独的交易来履行。计算机不会   疲劳，算法会按照编程要求执行，不会出错。
机构不希望用大额订单扰乱市场，因此它们的算法将大额订单拆分 成小额订单。这些小额订单也掩盖了它们订单的真实规模，从而不 让其他市场参与者知晓。这一点很重要，这样它们的订单就不会被 其他参与者抢先成交(抢在前面成交)。这些程序降低了市场冲击 成本，当然，这也帮助提高了业绩指标。
Market Impact Cost
Market impact cost is the effect a market participant has on the price of the asset it is trying to buy or sell.If a stock trades 1 million shares per day on   average and you try to buy or sell so many shares that they constitute a
large portion of the average daily volume of those shares,those buy and
sell orders are likely to move the price of the stock.The pressure your buy order places on the supply and demand equation can cause an adverse
price move,which forces you to buy at a higher price than intended.The
same is true for a large sale of a stock.Your own sell orders have the
potential to push the price lower,which makes your average sale price
lower than intended.VWAP trading algorithms attempt to minimize overall costs by reducing the market impact cost of the execution ofa large order.
Market Impact Cost is Reduced By:
intervals.
·Breaking  large(parent)orders  into  smaller  size(child)orders.
·Opposing buy and sell orders with different brokerages.
Different    Institutional    Goals
The focus of the strategies in this book are VWAP based trend trading and momentum,but it is important to recognize there are other strategies
implemented every day by other style and timeframe participants.Some
institutions buy more shares of a stock if it is under the VWAP because they perceive it has value relative to the average participant price that day.
These same buyers will then sell shares into the stronger demand for   shares when the stock is above VWAP since,by doing so,they receive a “premium”over value during that period.
市场冲击成本
市场冲击成本是指市场参与者对其试图买入或卖出的资产价格产生的 影响。如果一个股票平均每天交易100万股，而你试图买入或卖出的  股份数量占到了这些股票平均日交易量的很大一部分，那么这些买入 和卖出订单很可能会推动股票价格变动。你的买入订单对供需方程施 加的压力可能导致价格不利变动，这迫使你以高于预期价格买入。对 于大额卖出股票也是同样的情况。你自己的卖出订单有可能将价格压 低，这使得你的平均卖出价格低于预期。VWAP  交易算法试图通过减 少大额订单执行的市场冲击成本来降低总体成本。
市场冲击成本降低如下：
*订单分散的时间长度，以及间隔。
*将大(父)订单拆分为小(子)订单。
*使用不同经纪商的买卖订单进行对冲。
不同的机构目标
本书中的策略重点是基于VWAP的趋势交易和动量，但重要的是要认  识到，其他风格和时间框架的参与者每天都在实施其他策略。如果一  只股票低于VWAP,   一些机构会购买更多股票，因为他们认为它相对  于当日平均参与者价格有价值。当股票高于VWAP  时，这些买家会将  股票卖入更强的需求中，因为这样做，他们在该时期会获得“溢价” 的价值。
As a group,institutions are as diverse in their strategies andtimeframes as "retail'traders.There is no one strategy that fits all.It is notjust as simple  as saying “institutions buy below VWAP.”It may be the goal ofa“value”
institution to make their purchases while stocks are below VWAP,but a
momentum fund might try tojuice a trade in which they have a long
position in order to induce others to buy the rising stock and create further upside momentum.As we will show in Part Two,Chapter 10,when we
discuss short squeezes,buyers will sometimes become very aggressive about their purchase,hoping to inflict pain on trapped short sellers.
Parent and Child Orders
Large market participants do not want to tip their hand and reveal to the market that there is a big buyer or seller present.They needto disguise
their orders to reduce “information leakage.”To disguise a large order and avoid having their orders front-run and reduce their market impact cost,   large(parent)orders to buy or sell an individual stock get broken into
smaller(child)orders.
A study of VWAP trades executed by the International Trading Group
discusses this point in detail."The sample size is 243,772 parent orders.   The algorithm executed 13,468,847 child trades,meaning that on average each parent order turned into 55 child executions.”1
In his testimony to Congress in 2021,Ken Griffin,the CEO of Citadel Trading stated,"Today,virtually all trades executed by institutional investors are in the form of program trades,such as VWAP and other algorithm trades.”
According to their website,Citadel Trading “executes approximately 35%of all U.S.-listed retail volume,making us the industry's top wholesale
market maker."2
作为一个群体，机构在策略和时间框架上的多样性不亚于“零售”交 易者。没有一种策略适合所有人。不仅仅是简单地说“机构在
VWAP  下方购买。”一个“价值”机构的目的是在股票低于V
WAP 时进行购买，但一个动量基金可能会试图在他们对股票有长期  头寸的交易中注入动力，以诱使其他人购买上涨的股票并创造进一步 的上行动量。正如我们在第二部分，第10章中讨论短期挤压时将展示 的，买家有时会变得非常激进，希望对被困的空头卖家造成痛苦。
Parent and Child Orders
大型市场参与者不希望暴露意图，向市场透露有大量买家或卖家在场。他  们需要伪装订单以减少“信息泄露”。为了伪装大订单并避免订单被抢跑， 减少市场冲击成本，大型(父)订单在买入或卖出个股时会被拆分成更小  的(子)订单。
一项关于国际交易集团执行的VWAP 交易的研究详细讨论了这一点。 “样本量是243,772个父订单。该算法执行了13,468,847个子交易，  这意味着平均每个父订单变成了55个子执行。”!
在2021年向国会作证时， Citadel  Trading的首席执行官肯 ·格 里芬表示，“如今，几乎所有机构投资者执行的交易都是程序 化 交 易 ，例 如VWAP  和其他算法交易。”根据他们的网站，
Citadel  Trading “执行了美国上市零售交易量的约35%,使我 们成为行业顶尖的批发做市商。"
Griffin said"VWAP trades are not large trades,it is not like there are  10
million shares to be bought,it is a trade that is sliced into small slices(100 or 200 shares)and executed over the course of aday,aweek or amonth.”I
emphasized Mr.Griffin's words about timeframe because they show directly that VWAP orders are notjust for one day,they are also used for larger
trades,which can take days,weeks,or months to execute.Remember this point when we study how longer-term VWAP levels will often act as
support  and  resistance  levels.
Example:Large Institutional Sale Order
Let's consider a situation where a mutual fund owns 3%of the total
outstanding shares of a stock.For whatever reason,they want to reduce
their position size by half.If there are 500 million shares outstanding,they own 15 million shares andwould have to sell 7.5 million shares ofthe stock to sell half oftheir position.Let's say this stock trades 2,000,000 shares per day.If the fund dumped all7.5 million shares ofthe stock on the open
market,they would flood the market with close to four times its average  daily volume with this transaction alone.Asale of this magnitude would  cause a huge imbalance in supply and demand,and the stock would drop considerably to find enough liquidity to fillthe order.A"sloppy"sale like this would cost the fund a lot of money and hurt their performance.
Rather than dump their stock all at once,it is more likely the fund would   contact their broker and let them know they have a large block of stock to sell.The broker may choose to purchase the stock directly from the
customer at a negotiated price.The broker would then sell it over a period which would allow the large supply to be absorbed into the market more    easily.In this scenario,the broker takes the risk of selling the stock,and
they could probably purchase the 7,500,000 shares at a discount to the
current price.The discounted price given to the fund is to compensate the
格里芬表示， “VWAP 交易不是大额交易，不像有1000万股需要买入， 它是一笔被分割成小份(100股或200股)并在一天、一周或一个月内  执行的交易。”我强调格里芬先生关于时间跨度的说法，因为它们直   接表明VWAP 订单不仅用于一天，也用于更大额的交易，这些交易可   能需要几天、几周或几个月来执行。在研究长期VWAP 水平通常如何   充当支撑和阻力位时，请记住这一点。
示例：大型机构销售订单
让我们考虑一个情况，其中一只共同基金拥有某股票总流通股的3%。 无论出于什么原因，他们想将仓位规模减半。如果流通股为5亿股，
他们拥有1,500万股，并且需要卖出7,500万股股票才能减半其仓位。 假设这只股票每天交易2,000,000股。如果该基金在公开市场上一次 性抛售全部7,500万股股票，他们将通过这一笔交易使市场充斥接近 其平均日交易量四倍的交易量。如此规模的出售将导致供需严重失  衡，股票价格将大幅下跌以寻找足够的流动性来满足订单。这种
“草率”的出售将使基金损失大量资金，并损害其业绩。
与其一次性抛售所有股票，基金更有可能联系他们的经纪人，并告知 他们有一大块股票要出售。经纪人可能会选择以协商价格直接从客户 手中购买这些股票。然后，经纪人会将这些股票分阶段出售，以便大 宗供应更容易被市场吸收。在这种情况下，经纪人承担了销售股票的 风险，他们可能会以低于当前价格的价格购买750万股。基金获得的 折扣价格是为了补偿
brokerage for taking on the price uncertainty and associated risks during the time it would take them to liquidate the stock.
If the fund was not inclined to accept a discounted price of the shares in
return for the transfer of the risk as well as for the immediate liquidity
created were the broker to buy all of the 7,500,000 shares,the fund may
instead hire the broker to sell the stock using a sophisticated VWAP
algorithm.In this scenario,the fund may decide to have the brokerage
execute the order over the next 30 trading days and approximately  125,000 shares would get sold per day(just 6.25%of the average daily volume);a
number that the stock would be better able to handle rather than a sale of all 7,500,000 shares at once.
Time Slicing
Even with the liquidation ofjust 125,000 shares per day,there are certain
precautions the broker will take to ensure they do not cause a disruption in the market that would impact their efforts for a fair price.Just because
traders generally will accept the price a "naive"trader would expect
doesn't mean traders are dumb.The broker will not simply sell 125,000
shares at one point in the day.Instead,this is where “time slicing”of the
order comes into play.The broker considers the average daily volume of the stock for the number of days it expects it would take to liquidate the order
in full.In our example,they might consider the 30-day average volume.
Once they assess that there is sufficient liquidity to handle their 125,000    shares per day,they would then consult a volume distribution chart of the stock over narrower timeframes.
他们在股票清算期间承担的价格不确定性及相关风险。
如果基金不愿意接受以股份折价的方式换取风险转移以及立即流动性，而经 纪商购买全部750万股，基金可能会选择雇佣经纪商使用复杂的VWAP 算法 来卖出股票。在这种情况下，基金可能会决定让经纪商在未来30个交易日执 行订单，并且每天大约会卖出12.5万股(仅占平均日交易量的6.25%);这 个数量比一次性卖出全部750万股更能让股票承受。
时间切片
即使每天仅清算12.5万股，经纪人也会采取某些预防措施，以确保他 们不会造成市场混乱，从而影响他们获取公平价格的努力。交易者通 常接受“天真”交易者预期的价格，并不意味着交易者很笨。经纪人 不会在一天中的某个时间点简单地卖出12.5万股。相反，这就是订单 “时间切片”发挥作用的地方。经纪人会考虑股票的日平均成交量， 以及他们预计完全清算订单所需的天数。在我们的例子中，他们可能 会考虑30天的平均成交量。一旦他们评估出有足够的流动性来处理每 天12.5万股，他们就会参考股票在更短时间框架内的成交量分布图。
End of
Morning SurgeDay Surge
Morning Surge
Chart 3.1 This volume distribution chart is constructed of 5-minute candles.It shows a
typical volume pattern over the course of one day.
It is common to see this “U-shaped”curve in the markets,with the heaviest volume in the first and last hours of the day.This U-shape pattern occurs in the broad indices and in individual stocks.The typical day experiences a
volume surge in the morning,a midday slowdown,and a larger volume into the close.It is like a runner who starts a race quickly,settles into a
sustainable rhythm,and then tries to finish the event with everything they can.Because of volume participation orders,the programs reinforce this U- shaped pattern.Not all institutions will use the same time periods,they
may be 5-,10-,or 15-minute periods,or any time equally divided by the 390 minutes in a trading day.
To achieve a price execution as close to the daily VWAP as possible,our
institution would carve their 125,000 shares per day"parent"”order into
several “child"orders.Let's say the first 5-minute period of the day,the
stock typically trades 2%of the full daily volume.The institution would
then sell 2%of their 125,000 share order,that is,2,500 shares in the first
five minutes of the day.By using atime increment,the institution executes a larger portion of their order at the most liquid times of the day,and they
结束 日 增早 晨  J 增
结束 日 增
图3.1此成交量分布图由5分钟蜡烛图构成。它显示了一天中典型的成交量模式。
在市场中常见到这种“U 形”曲线，成交量在一天的开始和结束时段   最为集中。这种U 形模式出现在主要指数和个股中。典型的交易日经   历早晨的成交量激增、午间的放缓以及收盘前的更大成交量。这就像   一个跑步者，快速开始比赛，进入可持续的节奏，然后尽力完成比赛。 由于成交量参与订单，程序会强化这种U形模式。并非所有机构都会   使用相同的时间段，可能是5分钟、10分钟或15分钟的时间段，或者
任何在一天390分钟交易时间内均等划分的时间段。
为了尽可能接近每日的VWAP  实现价格执行，我们的机构会将他们  每天125,000股的“父”订单分成几个“子”订单。假设在一天中的 前5分钟时段，股票通常交易全天总成交量的2%。然后，机构会卖出 他们125,000股订单的2%,即在前五分钟卖出2,500股。通过使用时  间增量，机构在一天中最具流动性的时段执行了他们订单的大部分， 并且他们
sell fewer shares during the less liquid times of the day.Participation in a small portion of volume during each period makes it less likely that other traders will detect the broker's selling activity,and even less chance that  the broker's sales would be harmful to the average price the stock trades through the day.
Institutional orders may take place all day or during a time slice of the day. VWAP orders are set by:duration(buy or sell over a portion of the day,full  day,week,month,or  other  relevant  period),price  limits,volume
percentage  limits,or  other pertinent  criteria.There  is  no  standard  time
increment for a VWAP program to slice its orders.It is up to each
institution to choose how granular they want to be.An example of a
shorter-term VWAP order could be “buy 250,000 shares ofAAPL from 1-4
p.m.,pay no more than 0.25%above VWAP and don't constitute over 10%of the volume.”
Often,the brokeragefirm does not know the true intention of the customer they represent on a transaction to buy or sell.In fact,customers often use   multiple brokers to avoid the market's knowing their true intent.It is not
uncommon for a net buyer ofa stock to give sellorders at certain levels with competitive algorithms that drive the price back down to VWAP,
where they have a larger buy order ready to be filled.
What About Dark Pools?
Dark pools are private exchanges designed to facilitate block trades
between institutional investors.These transactions are not reported to the exchanges in the consolidated tape,which can be a criticism of VWAP
analysis.The volume on darkexchanges is generated by funds who swap large positions with other institutions at a negotiated price,and are not  buys and sells that effect price change.If we don't see these transactions
在一天中流动性较低的时段卖出的股票较少。在每个时段参与一小 部分成交量，使得其他交易者不太可能发现经纪人的卖出活动，甚 至经纪人销售对股票全天平均交易价格的影响也更小。
机构订单可以全天进行或在工作日的某个时间段内进行。VWAP  订  单由以下方式设置：持续时间(在一天的部分时间、整天、 一周、一 个月或其他相关时间段内买入或卖出)、价格限制、成交量百分比限 制或其他相关标准。VWAP  程序没有标准的分割订单的时间增量。
每个机构都可以自行选择其粒度。一个较短期限的VWAP  订单的例 子可能是“从下午1点到4点买入25万股AAPL,  最多支付
VWAP  上浮0.25%,且不超过10%的成交量。”
通常，经纪公司并不知道其客户在交易中买入或卖出的真实意图。事 实上，客户经常使用多个经纪公司来避免市场了解其真实意图。对于 净买入股票的客户来说，在特定水平下达卖单，并使用竞争性算法将 价格推回VWAP,   在那里他们有一个更大的买单准备成交，这种情  况并不少见。
什么是暗池?
暗池是专为机构投资者之间进行大宗交易而设计的私人交易场所。这 些交易不会在综合交易带上向交易所报告，这可能是对VWAP 分析的 批评。暗池交易量是由基金在协商价格下与其他机构互换大量头寸所 产生的，而不是影响价格变动的买卖交易。如果我们看不到这些交易
and neither do other participants who look to volume for directional clues, does it matter?Does a tree make a sound when it falls in a forest?
The fact is,we never have the complete picture of who or why someone
transacts in a stock,if their position is hedged,or if their trade is part of a
more  complicated  strategy.Risk  is  ever present  in the market  and  one  risk   is a lack of complete information.We must make certain assumptions in our analysis,which is why risk management is always at the cornerstone of any strategy  we  implement.
Even Warren Buffett Uses VWAP
Chart 3.2 shows how Warren Buffett sold his entire position in Southwest
Airlines over a two-day period.The reported price he received from the
sale of his 2.3 million shares was $32.22,which was the exact VWAP for
those two days.It is likely that Mr.Buffet negotiated a“guaranteed VWAP” price for his  sale with the broker.Looking at the chart,it doesn't  seem like  the broker made money on this order since,for most of the time,the stock
traded below the declining VWAP of the time it took to fill the order.Warren wins  again.
而且，其他参与者也不根据成交量寻找方向性线索，这有关系吗?当树在森 林里倒下时，它会发出声音吗?
事实上，我们永远无法完全了解某人交易股票的原因或身份，也无法确定其 头寸是否被对冲，或者其交易是否是更复杂策略的一部分。市场中的风险始 终存在，而缺乏完整信息就是一种风险。在我们的分析中，我们必须做出某 些假设，这就是为什么风险管理始终是我们实施任何策略的核心。
即使是沃伦 · 巴菲特也使用VWAP
图表3.2显示了沃伦 · 巴菲特如何在两天内卖掉他在西南航空公司的全部头寸。 据报道，他出售的230万股的售价为32.22美元，这是这两天exact
VWAP。 很可能沃伦 · 巴菲特与经纪商协商了一个“保证VWAP”  的售价。 从图表来看，经纪商在这个订单上似乎没有赚钱，因为大部分时间里，股票 交易价格都在订单成交时间的下降VWAP 下方。沃伦再次获胜。
Southwest Airlines LUVsold 2.3 million shares atan average of 32.2232.5C32.25 32.00 31.7S 31.50 31.2531.002Aor202035.7535.5035.2535.00 34.7534.5034.25 34.0033.75 33.50 33.2533.0032.7548    Ar:th
Southwest Airlines LUV
sold 2.3 million shares at
an average of 32.22
32.5C
32.25 32.00 31.7S 31.50 31.25
31.00
2
Aor2020
35.75
35.50
35.25
35.00 34.75
34.50
34.25 34.00
33.75 33.50 33.25
33.00
32.75
48    Ar:th
Chart 3.2 Shows 2-minute candles for two days.Chart:TC2000.com
Now  that  we  have  made  it  through  this  tedious  section  with  a  solid
introduction  to  how   institutions  use  VWAP   in  their   daily  business,we   can move  forward  to  the  more  useful  aspects.
1      0'Hara,Maureen,"High Frequency Market Microstructure,"page 8
2      https://www.citadelsecurities.com/products/equities-and-options/Accessed November 8,2022
西南航空公司LUV以平均32.22的价格  出售了230万股32.5C32.25 32.00 31.7S 31.50 31.2531.00                                                                                                                            235.7535.5035.2535.00 34.7534.5034.25 34.0033.75 33.50 33.2533.0032.75I      kzhe
西南航空公司LUV
以平均32.22的价格  出售了230万股
32.5C
32.25 32.00 31.7S 31.50 31.25
31.00
                                                                                                                            2
35.75
35.50
35.25
35.00 34.75
34.50
34.25 34.00
33.75 33.50 33.25
33.00
32.75
I      kzhe
图表3.2显示了两天的2分钟蜡烛图。图表：TC2000.com
现在我们已经顺利通过了这一繁琐部分，并对机构如何在日常业务中使 用 VWAP  有了扎实的介绍，我们可以继续前进到更有用的方面。
1奥哈拉，莫琳，“高频市场微观结构，”第8页2
https://www.citadelsecurities.com/products/equities-and-options/             访 问于2022年11月8日
CHAPTER 4
MARKET
SENTIMENT TOOLS, PSYCHOLOGY,AND  ANCHORING
"If you do not know who you are,the
market is an expensive place to  find out.”
—Adam Smith
Chapter    Objectives
1.Define market sentiment tools
2.Recognize AVWAP as a market sentiment tool
第四章市场情绪工  具、心理学和锚 定效应
“如果你不知道你是谁，市场就是一个昂 贵的地方来寻找答案。”—亚当 ·斯密
章节目标
1.定义市场情绪工具
2. 识别AVWAP 作为市场情绪工具
3.Understand  how  your  psychological  makeup  impacts  your trading
4.Understand the anchor bias and how we relate it to our trading
Tn  the  prior  chapter,we  discussed  several  aspects  of  how  institutions
accomplish  their  trading  goals  andhow  their  trading  creates  an  impact
on  the  market.While  institutional  traders   and  their  trading   strategies  have a large influence on the market,they are not the only influence on the
market.Less  tangible  but  very  important  factors  are  the  psychological  and behavioral motivations  ofall  traders.We now  look  at  some  ofthe  micro
(you)and  the  macro(the  market)psychological  and  behavioral  factors  that effect  trading.
Your mental makeup,how you handle stress,and how you think about and manage risk are all important components that will matter more to your    success than any system or perceived edge you bring to the market.
Behavioral  finance  attempts  to  understand  financial  decisions  through  the   combined analysis of psychology and investing.It is the study of how human and social-emotional biases can affect price behavior and how to measure
it.As with  any  market measurement,the  goal  is  to  gain  insight  to  increase profits.
Any  discussion  of"market  psychology"can  sound  intimidating  at  first,but
we do not have to possess an advanced degree to understand what drives
market  behavior.Instead,we  need  to  have  some  commonsense  psychology.  Look at any chart and imagine how you would feel ifyou were long,short,or
3. 了解你的心理构成如何影响你的交易
4,了解锚定偏差以及我们如何将其与交易联系起来
在前一章中，我们讨论了机构如何实现其交易目标以及其交易如何对 市场产生影响。虽然机构交易者和他们的交易策略对市场有很大的影 响，但它们不是市场唯一的影响因素。不太具体但非常重要的因素是 所有交易者的心理和行为动机。我们现在来看看一些影响交易的微观 (你)和宏观(市场)心理和行为因素。
你的心理构成、你如何处理压力以及你如何思考和管理工作风险，这些都是比任 何系统或你认为带来的市场优势都更重要的组成部分，将对你成功至关重要。
行为金融学试图通过心理学和投资的综合分析来理解金融决策。它是 研究人类和社会情感偏差如何影响价格行为以及如何衡量它的学科。 与任何市场测量一样，目标是获得洞察力以增加利润。
关于“市场心理”的任何讨论一开始都可能听起来令人望而生畏，但我们 不必拥有高等学位才能理解是什么驱动市场行为。相反，我们需要具备一 些常识心理学。看看任何图表，想象一下如果你是多头、空头或
in cash.As we analyze multiple timeframes and use tools like the Anchored VWAP,we gain a greater sense of market psychology.
Market Sentiment
"Market sentiment refers to the overall attitude of investors toward a particular security or
financial market.It is the feeling or tone of a
market,or    its    crowd    psychology,as     revealed
through the activity and price movement of the  securities traded in that market.In broad terms, rising prices indicate bullish market sentiment,  while falling prices indicate bearish market
Sentiment attempts to quantify a nebulous concept of the collective
psychology of the market participants.While quantitative  studies measure facts about price behavior,we can think of sentiment as “opinion mining.” Market sentiment represents the mood of the market,bullish or bearish.It tries to measure crowd psychology.The market does not care about the
opinion of an individual.It is the cumulative opinions and actions of participants and price movement that matter.
Why are we Interested in Market Sentiment?
Crowd behavior determines how and why trends begin,continue,stall,and reverse.People are more alike than different and that is certainly true in   the markets and in what drives our emotions to buy and sell.If we
现金持有者。当我们分析多个时间周期并使用像锚定VWAP这样的工具时， 我们会更深入地理解市场心理。
市场情绪
“市场情绪是指投资者对特定证券或金融市场 的总体态度。它是市场的感受或基调，或其群 体心理，通过该市场中交易的证券活动和价格 变动所揭示。广义而言，上涨的价格表明看涨 的市场情绪，而下跌的价格表明看跌的市场
情绪试图量化市场参与者集体心理的模糊概念。虽然定量研究测量价格行为  的事实，但我们可以将情绪视为“意见挖掘”。市场情绪代表了市场的情绪， 看涨或看跌。它试图衡量群体心理。市场不关心个人的意见。重要的是参与  者的累积意见和行动以及价格变动。
我们为什么对市场情绪感兴趣?
群体行为决定了趋势如何开始、持续、停滞和逆转。人们比想象中更相 似，这在市场以及驱动我们买卖情绪的因素中尤其如此。如果我们
understand  the  individual  factors  that  motivate  the  crowd,we  can  put  our    personal  biases  aside,anticipate  crowd  behavior  and  plan  our  trade  around their   actions.
There are things to be aware ofin the market that do not always equate to a reason  to  buy  or  sell.Seasonal  tendencies,and  extreme  bullish  or  bearish
measurements  are  good to be  aware  of,but they play  a minor  supportive
role to price  action.The goal of sentiment measurements is to gain insight   into the psychology of the other market participants in order for you to find an edge and determine whether they may be buyers or sellers of the overall market  or  individual  stock.
Traditional  Sentiment  Measures
There  are  no   shortage  oftraditional  measurements   of  market  sentiment.
Some of the popular ones such include the CBOE Volatility Index(VIX),the NYSE 52-week highs versus lows,The NYSE Bullish Percentage,the
percentage of stocks above or below a 50-or 200-day moving average,
Investors  Intelligence   Sentiment  Poll,and   others.More  recently,data  from  social media messages on Twitter and StockTwits or Google searches can be usedby“smart  algorithms”to  assess  the  mood  of  the  market.
Markets are Not Always Logical and Rational
Sentiment  can  change  for  events  that  seem  unreasonable(or  lack  a
reason),but  there  is  always  a  reason  for  price  change.We  simply  aren't
always privy to the“news.”This can be a source of frustration for many
market  participants.Emotions  and  biases  influence  traders  and  investors, but they  also  blend  with  rational  thought processes.Human biases  are  a
significant  reason  that  algorithmic  trades  have  become  the  dominant
source of buying and selling in our markets.Humans make mistakes and act
理解了促使群体行为的个体因素，我们就能抛开个人偏见，预见群体行为， 并围绕他们的行动来规划我们的交易。
市场上存在一些情况并不总是等同于买入或卖出的理由。季节性趋势， 以及极端看涨或看跌的衡量指标是需要注意的，但它们对价格行动的  支持作用较小。情绪衡量指标的目标是洞察其他市场参与者的心理，
以便你找到优势并确定他们可能是整体市场或个别股票的买家或卖家。
传统情绪衡量指标
市场情绪的传统衡量指标并不少见。 一些流行的指标包括芝加哥期权 交易所波动率指数 (VIX)、  纽约证券交易所52周高低点、纽约证券 交易所看涨百分比、高于或低于50天或200天移动平均线的股票百分 比、投资者智能情绪调查等。最近，来自推特和StockTwits 的社交
媒体消息或谷歌搜索的数据可以被“智能算法”用来评估市场的情绪。
市场并非总是逻辑和理性的
情绪可能会因为看似不合理(或缺乏理由)的事件而改变，但价格变 化总有原因。我们并不总是能掌握“新闻”。这对许多市场参与者来 说可能是一种挫败感。情绪和偏见会影响交易者和投资者，但它们也 会与理性思维过程融合。人类偏见是算法交易成为我们市场主要买卖 来源的一个重要原因。人类会犯错并受冲动和情绪驱动；算法的设计 目的是为了最小化人为错误。
on impulses andemotions;algorithms are designed to minimize human errors.
It is easy to get bogged down in the intellectual aspects of markets and
trading in order to gain an edge but,as we know,only price pays.This
brings about the need for an objective measurement and Anchored VWAP
serves that purpose because the AVWAP can simplify and helpus distill or   quantify the market sentiment by allowing us to measure the result of all of the sentiment-influencing biases,news and behaviors,rather than
obsessing over those factors.
"In  the  short  run,the  market  is  a  voting
machine,but  in  the   long  run  it  is  a  weighing
machine."
-Benjamin     Graham
rOU                      30
Personal Psychology and Anchoring
Before we attempt tounderstand the behavior of crowds,we need to begin with an assessment of our own mental inventory and the factors that
influence the decisions we make in the markets.The market does not care about our individual opinions of price action or when we buy and sell.It is  the collective actions of the participants(both by humans and by the
algorithms programmed by humans)that create crowd psychology.
"I  fear  not  the  man  who  has  practiced   10,000
kicks  once,but  I  fear  the  man  who  has  practiced
one  kick  10,000  times.”
—Bruce Lee
受情绪驱动；算法的设计目的是为了最小化人为错误。
在市场和交易中陷入智力层面很容易以获得优势，但正如我们所知，
只有价格起作用。这带来了对客观测量的需求，Anchored  VWAP 就 能满足这一需求，因为AVWAP 可以通过允许我们衡量所有影响情绪 的偏见、新闻和行为的综合结果来简化并帮助我们提炼或量化市场情  绪，而不是过度关注这些因素。
“在短期内，市场是一台投票机，但在长
期内它是一台称重机。”
—本杰明 ·格雷厄姆
Telenra               rc    tinRiIVs           Bot
个人心理与锚定效应
在尝试理解群体行为之前，我们需要从评估我们自己的心理库存以 及影响我们在市场中决策的因素开始。市场不在乎我们对价格行动 的个别看法或我们何时买入和卖出。是参与者(包括人类和人类编 写的算法)的共同行为创造了群体心理。
“我害怕的不是练过一万次踢腿的人，而是练过一 次踢腿一万次的人。”
一李小龙
A few ofthe personal factors that play into individual financial psychology include  age,timeframe,risk  tolerance,funds  available,time  available  to
commit to the markets,whether you are a fast or slow thinker,and others. One of the first goals of any market participant should be to find a
combination of:1)an approach or strategy and 2)a timeframe,which
together fits your personality.These two critical pieces of the puzzle are
often overlooked,as people jump from style to style without ever
committing to one.Always be curious about alternative approaches,but try to become a specialist injust a few setups,developed from your experience in trading as you follow an overallplan that suits your personality,so that   you can consistently profit.
Anchoring Bias
Daniel Kahneman is a psychologist and economist who won the 2002 Nobel  Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.One of the investor biases identified   by Kahneman is the Anchoring Bias.Investopedia defines Anchoring Bias as “the tendency to be over-influenced by the earliest information presented   tous when making decisions,thus allowing oneselfto be driven to a
decision or conclusion that is biased towards that initial piece of
information,the “anchor.”Anchoring is a cognitive bias known as a "heuristic"or “rule of thumb.”
In the markets,our cost basis is the personal scorecardby which we
measure the success or failure of our trade or investment.The price we   paid becomes our anchor point.It is the basis of our“price memory.”It is our subjective anchor point which can influence our future buying and    selling decisions.
Here are several types of anchoring biases that can negatively affect your trading strategy ifyou are not mindful of them.
影响个人财务心理的几个个人因素包括年龄、时间范围、风险承受能 力、可用资金、投入市场的可用时间、你是快速思考者还是慢速思考 者，以及其他因素。任何市场参与者最初的目标之一应该是找到一个 组合：1)一种方法或策略和2)一个时间范围，两者结合起来适合你
的性格。这两块关键拼图经常被忽视，因为人们在不同风格之间跳来   跳去，却从未真正坚持一种。始终保持对替代方法的好奇心，但尝试  成为少数几个设置的专业人士，这些设置是从你在交易中的经验中发   展而来的，你遵循的是适合你性格的整体计划，这样你才能持续获利。
锚定效应
丹尼尔 ·卡尼曼是一位心理学家和经济学家，获得了2002年诺贝尔经
济学奖。——卡尼曼识别出的一种投资者偏见是锚定效应。维基投资
词典将锚定效应定义为“在做出决策时，过度受最早提供的信息影响，  从而让自己被驱动到偏向于最初那部分信息的决策或结论，即‘锚点’。 锚定是一种认知偏见，被称为‘启发式’或‘经验法则’。”
在市场中，我们的成本基础是我们衡量交易或投资成功或失败的评 分卡。我们支付的价格成为我们的锚点。它是我们‘价格记忆’的 基础。它是我们的主观锚点，可能影响我们未来的买卖决策。
如果你不注意，以下几种锚定偏差可能会对你的交易策略产生负面影响。
Personal Anchors
We all have personal dates that we anchor from.Think of your birth date or “our IPO”and the annual celebrations of that day.We also attach
significance  to  other  dates,such  as  graduations,anniversaries,or  holidays. Or even casual anchors,"she seems so much happier since she met Bob."    These are mental reference points to which we assign meaning in order to  keep track of our progress or lack of it.These subjective events can
influence our thoughts and even our behaviors.
Iexperienced the anchoring bias after going through a divorce.My account  equity was divided in halfin the divorce settlement,andI was anchored to   the previous higher balance.I found myself swinging for the fences because I had a smaller account and tried to get it all back at once.Because my
anchor was the previous higher balance,it clouded my judgment and
decision making.When I quickly grew my post-divorce account balance by    50%,I didn't view it as a victory.I was still anchored to the pre-split balance and viewed the account as being down 33%from the former peak.My
anchor point didn't allow me to see my positive performance for what it
was,a 50%gain.It wasn't until I got back to my anchor of my predivorce    equity high that I was able to view my gains as more than simply a return back to even.
Price Target Mental Anchors
Consider the danger of price targets as anchors for a stock.Ifan influential  analyst appears on television and mentions that he is bullish on XYZ stock, which currently trades at$55,but that his price target is $150.When
people hear such a bullish proclamation,they often get anchored to that target  and  neglect  risk  management.Instead  ofraising  their  stop(to
protect accumulated gains)as the stock climbs,they fixate on the price target  “the   expert”projected.
个人锚定
我们都有个人锚定的日期。想想你的生日或“我们的IPO”, 以及那 天每年的庆祝活动。我们还重视其他日期，例如毕业典礼、周年纪念 日或假期。甚至偶然的锚定，“自从她遇到Bob 以来，她似乎快乐多 了。”这些都是我们赋予意义以跟踪我们的进展或缺乏进展的心理参 考点。这些主观事件会影响我们的想法，甚至我们的行为。
我在经历离婚后体验到了锚定效应。我的账户权益在离婚协议中分了 一半，我被锚定在了之前的较高余额上。由于账户较小，我试图一次 性全部收回损失，因此采取了冒险策略。由于我的锚点是之前的较高 余额，这蒙蔽了我的判断和决策。当我在离婚后迅速将账户余额增长 了50%时，我没有将其视为胜利，我仍然锚定在分拆前的余额，并将 账户视为从峰值下跌了33%。我的锚点使我无法看到我的实际表现， 即50%的涨幅。直到我回到离婚前的权益高点锚定后，我才能够将我 的收益视为不仅仅是回到盈亏平衡点。
价格目标心理锚定
考虑将价格目标作为股票的锚点的风险。如果一个有影响力的分析师在电视 上出现并提到他对XYZ股票持牛市看法，该股票目前交易价格为55美元， 但他的价格目标是150美元。当人们听到这样的牛市宣言时，他们通常会  锚定那个目标并忽视风险管理。当股票上涨时，他们不是提高止损位(以保 护累积的收益),而是专注于“专家”预测的价格目标。
It is a shame to see anyone purchase a stock at$55,ride it up to $100 or
more and refuse to sell as it weakens because,"the analyst said it would go to $155.”Don't get stuck on a price target and refuse to take gains when it   is prudent,or worse,ride the stock all the way back down to the purchase   price,or lower.Winners do not “take care of themselves.”You need to
manage winning positions based on price action.We will discuss the use of AVWAPs as stop levels in the strategies section.
Whenever I share a trade idea for a stock,I have a general idea of where the price has the potential to go,but I seldom mention a specific price target.
Often,the level I believe the stock can move to is an AVWAP from a prior
high,which becomes a "level of interest"where resistance,which is
discussed in detail later in this book,may be found.I look at these levels not as “price targets”but a place we could reasonably expect the stock to travel to.Rather than mention a price target,I refer to“worst case”stop levels
pertinent to my timeframe.I don't want to fill people's heads with ideas of riches fueled by outrageous price targets.Instead,I want people to
remember the cardinal rule:risk management is always job#1.
Influence of Market Anchors
An anchor price held by a larger group of participants will have far greater significance than one held by a handful of people.The greater the market's price memory for a stock the more likely that memory effect will influence   future crowd behavior.The market“crowd”is a more reasonable
measurement than our personal anchors because it represents a
consensus of the market participants'mindset.We can never possibly know the reasons or motivations ofeach individual participant to buy or sell,and  fortunately,we do not need to.
看到任何人以55美元的价格买入股票，然后将其推升至100美元或
更高，并在其走弱时拒绝卖出，因为“分析师说它会涨到155美元”, 这是件令人遗憾的事。不要执着于一个价格目标，在明智的时候拒绝  获利，或者更糟，让股票一路跌回购买价格，甚至更低。赢家不会
“照顾好自己”。你需要根据价格行动来管理盈利头寸。我们将在策 略部分讨论AVWAP 作为止损位的使用。
每当我分享一只股票的交易思路时，我通常对价格可能的运行方向有一个 大致的了解，但很少提及具体的价位目标。很多时候，我认为股票可能运 行到的水平是一个来自先前高点的AVWAP,   这成为一个“值得关注的水 平”,在这个水平上可能会找到阻力位——本书后面将详细讨论这一点。 我看待这些水平，不是作为“价位目标”,而是我们合理预期股票可能运 行到的位置。我更倾向于提及“最坏情况”的止损位，这些止损位与我所 使用的时间框架相关。我不想让人们被不切实际的价位目标所驱动的财富 幻想所填满。相反，我希望人们记住最基本的规则：风险管理永远是第一 要务。
市场锚点的影响
一个由更大群体参与者持有的锚价将比少数人持有的锚价具有更大的意义。 股票的市场价格记忆越强，记忆效应就越有可能影响未来的群体行为。市场 “群体”比我们个人的锚更合理的衡量标准，因为它代表了市场参与者心态 的共识。我们永远不可能知道每个个体参与者买卖的原因或动机，而且幸运 的是，我们也不需要知道。
Important Anchor Points                                                                     重要的锚点
We  derive  shared  market  anchors  from  various  events  deemed  significant to  the  market.When  there  is  an  event  which  causes  a  big  shift  in  the
market's  psychology,it  becomes   a  level  to   anchor  a  AVWAP.These   events can  be  a  price  breakout  for  no  reason  other  than  price  action,or  we  may   associate  it  with  a  fundamental  catalyst  such  as  an  earnings  report,
industry  or  sector  news,or  an  economic  report.We  will  explore  the
individual  catalysts  and  specific  anchor  points   in  depth  in  the  strategy section.
Suggestions   and   Ideas   for   Personal   Trading Practices
Understand What You Can Control
There  is  little  we  can  control  in  the  market.This  can  be  a  source  of
frustration  to  those  without  a  solid  understanding  of  market   structure   and a  plan  to  deal  with  uncertainties  and  market  surprises.The  illusion  of
control  is  greater  than  its  reality  because  of  the   subjective  nature  of  our
analysis.While  we  may  do  our  best  to  make  sure  our  analysis  is  unbiased,   the  market  will  throw  surprises  at  us,which  can  devastate  our  accounts  in the  short-term.We  want  to  plan   for  the  best   and  prepare   for  the  worst.
That  is  why  an  exit  strategy  for  our  losers  is  so  important.
Working With Heightened Uncertainty
Initially,you  can  control  the   size  you  commit  to   a  trade,but  market
environments  are  never  the  same.Sometimes  the  market  seems  to  fire  on
all  cylinders,and  it  feels  as  though  you  can  do  no  wrong  and  those  are  times to  “go  for  it.”Other  times(often  during  earnings  season-the  times  of  the
year  that  earning  reports  are  published)there  is  a  greater  sense  of  caution
我们从被认为对市场有重大意义的各种事件中推导出共享市场锚。当出现： 一个导致市场心理发生重大变化的事件时，它就成为一个用于锚定
AVWAP   的水平。这些事件可以是无缘无故的价格突破，或者我们可以将  其与基本面催化剂联系起来，例如盈利报告、行业或部门新闻或经济报告。 我们将在策略部分深入探讨各个催化剂和具体的锚点。
个人交易实践的建议和想法
了解你能控制什么
在市场中我们能够控制的东西很少。对于那些缺乏对市场结构和应对不确定 性与市场意外的计划的理解的人来说，这可能会成为一个令人沮丧的来源。 由于我们分析的客观性，控制的错觉大于其现实。虽然我们可能尽力确保我 们的分析是无偏的，但市场会给我们带来惊喜，这可能会在短期内摧毁我们 的账户。我们希望计划最好的情况，并为最坏的情况做好准备。这就是为什 么对亏损的退出策略如此重要的原因。
应对高度不确定性
最初，你可以控制你投入交易的规模，但市场环境永远不会相同。有 时市场似乎运转得非常顺利，感觉你做什么都不会错，那些就是“放 手一搏”的时候。其他时候(通常是在财报季——即发布盈利报告的 年份 — — 期间)市场会显得更加谨慎
in the market  and those heightened periods  of uncertainty  are the time to slow  things  down.
If we were to investigate the daily P&L of an
emotionally intelligent trader,we would find
occasions   of   trading    actively   and   occasions   of
standing back.We would see periods of high-risk taking and periods of caution.All markets are
not created equal:some bring more opportunity,
some less.The self-aware trader knows when
"it's my market"and goes into opportunity-
seeking mode.That same trader knows when
"it's not my market"and preserves capital.
—Dr.Brett Steenbarger Trading Psychology 2.0
In  Uncertainty,Cash  is  a  Position
We  can  adjust  our market  exposure with  a reduction  in  our  share  size(risk amount)per  trade,be  more  selective  in  the  stocks  we  trade,switch  to  a
shorter  timeframe,or  maybe  employ  a  different  strategy  than  what  we
typically do.We can alsojust sit on the sidelines in cash.Cash can be the
best position ifyou don't perceive an edge or insight that will help you be
profitable.Cash  gives  us  the  ability  to  observe  objectively,rather  than  force inferior trade  setups.One  of my  favorite  market  phrases  is,“It  is  better  to
be on the sidelines and wish you were in,than it is to be in the market and wish you were out.”
,市场中的不确定性会加剧，而那些高不确定性时期就是时候放慢脚步了。
如果我们调查一个情商高的交易者的每日损益表，我们  会发现交易活跃和观望的场合。我们会看到高风险承担  和谨慎的时期。所有市场并非平等：有些带来更多机会， 有些则较少。自我认知的交易者知道何时“这是我的市  场”,并进入寻求机会的模式。那位交易者也知道何时
“这不是我的市场”,并保全资本。—— Brett
Steenbarger    博士交易心理学2.0
Dt
在不确定性中，现金是一种头寸
我们可以通过减少每笔交易的持股比例(风险金额)来调整我们的市  场敞口，更谨慎地选择我们交易的股票，切换到更短的时间框架，或  者采用与我们通常不同的策略。我们也可以选择持有现金观望。如果  你没有意识到任何能帮助你盈利的优势或洞察力，现金可能是最好的  选择。现金让我们能够客观地观察，而不是强迫自己进行劣质交易设  置。我非常喜欢的一个市场短语是，“在边线上观望并希望自己在场， 比在场内并希望离场要好。”
Fear of Missing Out(FOMO)                                                                       错失恐惧症(FQMO)
Before we move on,let's discuss the Fear of Missing Out(“FOMO”).FOMO is described as anxiety caused by the belief others may have more fun or,in    the markets,may make more money than you do.Those who have a plan
and buy stocks properly do not experience FOMO.
It is the  “Johnny-come-latelys”who read news  about  a  company,look  at the soaring price and cannot resist but to get involved.Rather than wait for a
low-risk  entry  point,they  throw  caution  to  the  wind  and  buy(chase)the
stock higher.The fear is that a stock will soar to record highs while they do not have a position.This can be a powerful motivation to chase the stock,    even  after  it  has  already  experienced  a  large,short-term  move  and  may  in  reality  have  little  or  no  further  upside.These  are  risky  purchases  because  it is difficult to keep tight stops and limit losses ifthe stock reverses.
Ifyou miss out on the first move a stock makes,then it is better to wait.
Often,the  stock  will  undergo  an  orderly  correction(by  price  or  through
time)and then provide  a  low-risk  opportunity  to  get  involved.If the  stock doesn't pull back and give you a new buy point,remember this phrase
“missed opportunity is better than lost money.”Embrace the JOMO(joy of missing  out)because  you  stayed  disciplined  with  your  approach.
Contrarian Trading
We define a contrarian as  someone who opposes or rejects popular opinion. In  the  markets,it  means  to  trade  against  trends,to  buy  when  the  trend  is
lower  and  to  sell  when  the  momentum  is  higher.Sentiment  indicators
attempt  to  identify  extreme  levels  where  a  trend  may  tire,so  a  contrarian can make a trade in the opposite direction.
As you may have guessed,I am not a contrarian trader.I believe “the trend is your friend until it bends or ends.”To trade in the direction of the trend  is  mathematically  correct.In  an  uptrend,the  sum  of the  rallies  is  always
在我们继续之前，让我们讨论一下错失恐惧症( “FOMO”)。
FOMO  被描述为因相信他人可能比你有更多乐趣或在市场中可能赚更 多钱而产生的焦虑。有计划并正确购买股票的人不会经历FOMO。
正是那些“后来者”读了关于某公司的新闻，看到股价飙升，便忍不 住要参与其中。他们不是等待低风险的入场点，而是置若罔闻，追高 买入股票。他们担心股价会飙升到历史新高，而自己却空仓。这种恐 惧感可以成为追高的强大动力，即使股价已经经历了大幅短期波动，
并且实际上可能已经没有或几乎没有进一步上涨的空间。这些购买行  为风险很高，因为如果股价反转，很难设置严格的止损点并限制损失。
如果你错过了股票的第一次启动，那么最好等待。通常，股票会进 行有序的修正(通过价格或时间),然后提供一个低风险参与的机 遇。如果股票没有回调并给你一个新的买入点，请记住这句话“错 过的机会胜于亏损的钱”。拥抱JOMO   (错过的喜悦),因为你坚 持了你的方法纪律。
逆向交易
我们定义逆向交易者为反对或拒绝流行观点的人。在市场中，这意味 着逆势交易，即在趋势较低时买入，在动能较高时卖出。情绪指标试 图识别趋势可能疲惫的极端水平，因此逆向交易者可以在相反的方向 进行交易。
正如你可能猜到的，我不是一个逆向交易者。我相信“趋势是你的朋友，直 到它弯曲或结束。”顺应趋势交易在数学上是正确的。在一个上升趋势中， 反弹的总和总是
greater than the sum of the declines.If we buy correctly(as a move begins, and not by chasing prices after the trend is underway)and manage risk
(with an appropriate trade size and a strategy to cut losses quickly),there is no reason to be“smarter”than the rest ofthe market.
It may be difficult to accept price action as being reasonable when stocks make big runs.It is said,"the collective intelligence of the crowd sinks to the level of the least educated participant.”If price action makes little
sense,it is not a reason to be a "contrarian"and bet against the crowd's
behavior.It is a reason to study the action more carefully on shorter
timeframes and plan for a potential reversal.There is no such thing as a    stock's being “up too much”if there are more buyers.Likewise,there is no such thing as a stock's being “down too much”ifthere are still sellers
present.
A Brief Discussion of Stop Losses
A stop loss order is designed to protect your capital after you start a new
position in a stock.As we know,risk management is always job#1.Thatjob begins in the planning stage of the trade when you determine what your
maximum risk will be on the trade.There are two common types of stop loss orders,the stop market and the stop limit.A stop market order simply says, “if the stock trades at 24.35,sell my stock at the market.”The stop limit
order gives you more control of the order.It might be entered as,"stop
24.35,with a limit of 24.20."For the stop limit,it will sell the stock as soon  as the stop is triggered with a trade at 24.35 and it will continue to sell the stock down to a limit of 24.20.The placement of stop orders is discussed
later in more detail.
大于下跌的总和。如果我们正确地买入(在行情开始时，而不是在 趋势展开后追涨)并管理风险(使用适当的交易规模和快速止损的 策略),就没有理由比市场其他参与者“更聪明”。
当股票大幅上涨时，人们可能难以接受价格行为是合理的。据说，“群体 的集体智慧会下降到最受教育程度最低的参与者的水平。”如果价格行为 缺乏意义，那并不是成为“逆向操作者”并赌对群体行为的原因。而是一 个原因，需要更仔细地研究较短时间框架内的行为，并计划潜在的逆转。 如果有更多的买家，股票就不存在“涨得太高”的情况。同样地，如果有 仍然存在的卖家，股票也不存在“跌得太低”的情况。
关 于 止 损 的 简 要 讨 论Astop   loss   order   is   designed   to protect your capital after you start anew
股票中的位置。众所周知，风险管理始终是第一要务。这项工作始于 交易的规划阶段，当你确定交易的最大风险时。有两种常见的止损指 令类型，即止损市价单和止损限价单。止损市价单简单地说，“如果 股票交易在24.35,以市价卖出我的股票。”止损限价单让你对订单  有更多的控制。它可能被输入为，“止损24.35,限价24.20。”对于 止损限价单，它将在触发止损并以24.35的价格成交时立即卖出股票， 并继续以不超过24.20的限价卖出股票。止损指令的放置将在后面更  详细地讨论。
CHAPTER 5
ANCHORED VWAP
COMPONENTS AND
COMPARISONS
“Get the fundamentals down and the  level of everything you do will rise.”
—Michael Jordan
Chapter  Objectives
1.Understand  the  difference  between  VWAP  and  AVWAP
2.Understand  how  the  AVWAP  is  created
3.Understand  similarities  between  AVWAP  and  Dollar  Cost Averaging
4.Understand how to use AVWAP to achieve market goals
第五章
锚定VWAP 组件与比
较
“打好基础，你做的一切水平都会提高。”- 迈克尔 ·乔丹
章节目标
■ 理 解VWAP和AVWAP之间的区别
■ 理 解AVWAP■ 理解AVWAP的创建方式
■ 理 解AVWAP
■ 理解AVWAP
与美元成本之间的相似性
Averaging
4.   了解如何使用AVWAP  实现市场目标
W
e can measure the VWAP and AVWAP for any financial product where price and volume data are available.The traditional VWAP is the volume
weighted arithmetic mean ofall trades for one day.When we change our   measurement period from the start of the day,it becomes“anchored”to a user defined starting point.
The idea for a point-and-click anchoring of the VWAP is one that Ihad been thinking about from the first time I used the VWAP in 2003.It was in 2015
when TC2000 implemented this feature at my request.Since then,dozens of other technical analysis platforms have followed their lead and made it
available on their charts.By calculating the volume weighted average price starting at an anchor point,the VWAP becomes an AVWAP(Anchored
VWAP).The AVWAP calculates the cumulative and dynamic(adjusts in real time)VWAP from the anchor point forward.With the AVWAP,you can
better understand the shifts between buyers and sellers that occur over all timeframes,notjust from the start of a day.
The calculation and interpretation of VWAP and the AVWAP is the same
regardless of the anchor point or the timeframe analyzed.In short,the
Anchored VWAP is a VWAP with a specific time anchor point chosen by the   trader.If the VWAP begins at any point other than the start of a new day, it  is  the“VWAP  anchored from”the  start  of the  measurement,or
AVWAP.
我们可以测量任何价格和成交量数据可用的金融产品的VWAP  和
AVWAP 。传统的VWAP 是一天内所有交易的成交量加权算术平均值。当 我们把测量周期从一天的开始改变时，它会“锚定”到一个用户定义的起 始点。
关于VWAP 的点按式锚定想法，是我从2003年第一次使用VWAP 时就 开始思考的。是2015年，TC2000  根据我的要求实现了这个功能。从  那时起，数十个其他技术分析平台都效仿并推出了他们的图表上。通  过从锚定点开始计算成交量加权平均价格，VWAP  变成了AVWAP
(锚定VWaéP) 。AVWAP     从锚定点向前计算累积和动态(实时调整) 的VWAP。  有了AVWAP,   你可以更好地理解买卖双方在所有时间段
内发生的转变，而不仅仅是从一天的开始。
VWAP 和AVWAP  的计算和解释与锚点或分析的时间段无关。简而言之，锚定
VWAP 是由交易者选择特定时间锚点的VWAP。 如果VWAP 不是从新一天的开 始点开始，那么它就是“从测量开始锚定的VWAP”,  即AVWAP。
Anchored to the high.This anchor get set oncewe realize it is a significant high,in this case itis at the point the stock breaks below the daily VWAP(green arrow)that we set our anchor.Notice    how    sellers    showed    upexactly    at    the    VWAP    from    thehigh two times in the afternoon.2B41002 325002830002 8250020000Z1500280002,905002,0000015492,7931502 78500278000277500Daily VWAP276500Telegram:@Gr2,74500274000ONE DAYJ2 830002875002,87000  2DN5002.80002,855.002 850002045.D02 760002,755002,750002,7N006It.
Anchored to the high.This anchor get set once
we realize it is a significant high,in this case it
is at the point the stock breaks below the daily VWAP(green arrow)that we set our anchor.
Notice    how    sellers    showed    up
exactly    at    the    VWAP    from    the
high two times in the afternoon.
2B4100
2 32500
283000
2 82500
20000
Z1500
28000
2,90500
2,00000
1549
2,793150
2 78500
278000
277500
Daily VWAP
276500
Telegram:@Gr
2,74500
274000
ONE DAY
J
2 83000
287500
2,87000  2DN500
2.8000
2,855.00
2 85000
2045.D0
2 76000
2,75500
2,75000
2,7N006
It.
Chart   5.1    Constructed    of   2-minute   candles,this    chart    shows   the    traditional    daily   VWAP
and      an     AVWAP.Chart:TC2000.com
In the AVWAP calculation,each share receives equal weight.It does not
assume that an institutional share traded is more important than a share traded by a retail trader;one share,one vote. The AVWAP averages price and volume from any point to show us who is really in control ofthe
trend.It is a quick and easy way to identify the trend from the start of the anchor point.It keeps us on the right side of the market,"the trend
is your friend.”The AVWAP is a technical tool that allows us to determine who is in control(buyers or sellers)from any point.It shows us how well
锚定在高点。这个锚定一旦设置我们就意识到这是一个重要的高点，在这种情况下它 就在股票跌破每日'VWAP  (绿色箭头)的位置，我们设置锚定。2.8000注意卖方如何出现在正 好 在VWAP   从a‘ 下 午 两 次 高 。Oe        oel2.041002 325002830002 82500203050Z1500280002,905002 ,000002,7931502 785002780002775002,7N0062765002 760002,755002,75000*2,74500274000Telegram:ONEDAY                           ■2,830002875002,870002DN5002,855.002 850002045.D0每 日VWAP
锚定在高点。这个锚定一旦设置
我们就意识到这是一个重要的高点，在这种情况下它 就在股票跌破每日
'VWAP  (绿色箭头)的位置，我们设置锚定。
2.8000
注意卖方如何出现在
正 好 在VWAP   从
a‘ 下 午 两 次 高 。Oe        oel
2.04100
2 32500
283000
2 82500
203050
Z1500
28000
2,90500
2 ,00000
2,793150
2 78500
278000
277500
2,7N006
276500
2 76000
2,75500
2,75000
*2,74500
274000
Telegram:
ONE
DAY                           ■
2,83000
287500
2,87000
2DN500
2,855.00
2 85000
2045.D0
每 日VWAP
图表5.1由2分钟蜡烛构建，此图表显示了传统的每日VWAP  和一个AVWAP。   图表：
TC2000.com
在AVWAP   计算中，每份股票都获得相等的权重。它不会假设机构 交易的股票比散户交易者交易的股票更重要；一份股票，一票。
AVWAP  从任何一点平均价格和成交量，以显示谁真正控制着趋势。 它是一种快速简便的方法，从锚点开始识别趋势。它让我们站在市   场的正确一边，“趋势是你的朋友。”AVWAP 是一种技术工具，  让我们能够从任何一点确定谁在控制(买方或卖方)。它告诉我们
they maintain control,or if there are signs of a trend slowdown or potential reversal.
2520025104250.0o248.00246.00244.00When the stock is below a decliningAVWAP(on any timeframe)it is considered "guilty untilproven    innocent."                                                 242.00When  it  is  above  an  upsloping  AVWAP,it  isconsidered "innocent until proven guilty."240.00
25200
25104
250.0o
248.00
246.00
244.00
When the stock is below a decliningAVWAP(on any timeframe)it is considered "guilty until
proven    innocent."                                                 242.00
When  it  is  above  an  upsloping  AVWAP,it  is
considered "innocent until proven guilty."
240.00
Chart 5.2 This daily chart shows how prices respond to the AVWAP to reveal trends.
Chart:TC2000.com
Regardless  oftimeframe,when  the  stock  is  above  the  AVWAP,the  buyers
are  in  control  and  when  it  is  below  the  AVWAP,the  sellers  are  in  control.In the remainder of this book,you'll find me using the phrases“guilty until
proven innocent"and“innocent until proven guilty."What Imean by them is that the benefit of the doubt should go to the direction ofthe trend.A
trend,once established is more likely to continue than reverse.That is a tenet oftechnical analysis.
他们保持控制，或者如果出现趋势放缓或潜在反转的迹象。
25200250.0o248.0024600244.00When the stock is below a decliningAVWAP(on任何时间段)都被视为“有罪，直到proven innocent."                                                 242.00当它高于上倾的AVWAP时，它是被视为“无罪，直到被证明有罪。                240.00
25200
250.0o
248.00
24600
244.00
When the stock is below a decliningAVWAP(on
任何时间段)都被视为“有罪，直到
proven innocent."                                                 242.00
当它高于上倾的AVWAP时，它是
被视为“无罪，直到被证明有罪。                240.00
图5.2这张每日图表显示了价格如何对AVWAP做出反应以揭示趋势。图表：
TC2000.com
无论时间跨度如何，当股票价格高于AVWAP   时，买方掌控局面；当 股票价格低于AVWAP时，卖方掌控局面。在本书的其余部分，你会 发现我使用“有罪直到被证明无罪”和“无罪直到被证明有罪”这样 的短语。我所说的意思是，疑虑应该倾向于趋势的方向。 一旦趋势确 立，它更有可能继续而不是反转。这是技术分析的一个信条。
AVWAP:An Unbiased Analysis of
Market Flow
AVWAP analysis allows us to be more discerning in our analysis and in the trades we make,because it gives us a stronger understanding of how
capital flows through markets.It helps us to identify important price levels in the market where sentiment is likely to change.When we recognize
these levels in advance,we can study them more closely,on shorter timeframes.
On these shorter timeframes,we look for evidence where buyers or sellers   may gain an edge.We want to identify the key levels where we can plan our trade,whether  entering  or  exiting  the  market,by  figuring  the risk/reward  ratio.Then we patiently wait for price confirmation before we execute and  put our money at risk.Once in a position,ourjob switches from analyst to    risk  manager.
Dollar Cost Average(DCA)
The easiest way to understand the Volume Weighted Average Price(VWAP) is to consider the investment strategy known as “Dollar Cost Averaging.”
The DCA strategy is to invest a fixed dollar amount at a regular interval,
such as once per month.When you invest the same amount each month;
whether the market is up,down,or sideways,it reduces the timing risks for longer-term investors.DCA is more about "time in the market"versus
“timing the market.”
Ifyou invest$1,000 each month into your favorite long-term stock,at the end of one year,you will have invested$12,000 in the stock.When you
decide to sell your stock,you need to report your cost basis to the IRS so
they can collect their "fair share"of the profits.How do you calculate your
AVWAP: 市场流量无偏分析
AVWAP  分析使我们能够更细致地进行分析和交易，因为它让我们对 资本如何在市场中流动有了更深入的理解。它帮助我们识别市场中可 能改变情绪的重要价格水平。当我们提前认识到这些水平时，我们可 以在较短的时间框架下更仔细地研究它们。
在这些较短的时间框架内，我们寻找买方或卖方可能获得优势的证据。 我们希望识别我们可以规划交易的关键水平，无论是进入还是退出市  场，通过计算风险/回报率。然后我们耐心等待价格确认，然后再执   行并将我们的资金置于风险之中。一旦建立头寸，我们的工作就从分  析师转变为风险管理者。
美元成本平均法(DCA)
理解成交量加权平均价(VWAP)  最简单的方法是考虑一种称为“美  元成本平均法”的投资策略。DCA 策略是在固定的时间间隔内投资  固定金额美元，例如每月一次。当你每月投资相同金额时；无论市场 是上涨、下跌还是横盘，它都能降低长期投资者的时机风险。DCA
更注重“市场中的时间”而非“把握市场时机”。
如果你每月投资$1,000到你最喜欢的长期股票中，一年结束时，你将在该 股票上投资了$12,000。当你决定出售你的股票时，你需要向IRS 报告你的 成本基础，以便他们可以收取他们“公平份额”的利润。你如何计算你的
average cost per share?Do you take the  12 separate purchase prices,add them up and divide by twelve?These may give you an approximate price, but the IRS will not like it when you give them this “halfassed”calculation when it is time to pay taxes on your big gains.
Table 5.3 shows the stock price paid for each of the 12 purchases.When you invest a constant dollar amount($1,000/month)and the price of the stock   fluctuates,you will purchase a different number of shares each month.
When the price of the stock is lower,you will purchase more shares(see month  1)and when the price is higher(see month  12)you will purchase fewer  shares.
At the end of this 12-month period,you will have accumulated 209.05
shares ofthe stock.Your dollar cost average paid for the stock would be $57.40($12,000 divided by 209.05).In essence,$57.40 is the Volume
Weighted Average Price(VWAP)of your investment.The mathematical average,based on price alone,would be $59.42,which is not the correct number.
平均每股成本?你是取12个单独的购买价格，加起来然后除以十二? 这可能给你一个近似的价格，但在报税时，IRS 不会喜欢你给出这
种“敷衍了事”的计算结果。
表5.3显示了12次购买的每笔股票的股价。当你投资一个固定的金额 ($1,000/月)且股价波动时，你每个月购买的股票数量会不同。当 股价较低时，你会购买更多股票(参见第1个月),而当股价较高
(参见第12个月)时，你会购买较少股票。
在这个12个月期结束时，你将积累209.05股该股票。你的美元成 本平均价为$57.40($12,000除以209.05)。本质上，$57.40是 你投资的成交量加权平均价 (VWAP)。   仅基于价格计算的平均 值为$59.42,这不是正确的数字。
Month     AMT       Price       Shares
1
1000
36
27.8
2
1000
44
22.73
3
1000
50
20
4
1000
62
16.13
5
1000
68
14.70
6
1000
63
14.87
7
1000
57
17.54
8
1000
62
16.13
9
1000
68
14.70
10
1000
67
14.93
11
1000
64
15.63
12
1000
72
13.89
12000
713//59.42
209.05//57.40
Table 5.3 This table shows how the dollar cost average is calculated.
月份AMT价格股份
22.73
16.13
14.70
14.87
17.54
16.13
14.70
14.93
15.63
13.89
12000        713//59.42  209.05//57.40
表5.3该表显示了美元成本平均如何计算。
VWAP   Calculation
VWAP=Sum(price x volume at price/sum Total Volume)
In plain English,we multiply the price of the trade by the total number of
shares traded  at  each price,and that number  is then  divided by  the total
number of shares traded to come up with VWAP.Fortunately,we do not
have  to  do  these  calculations;they  are  built  into  any  decent  chart  platform. The  VWAP  starts  at  the first  data  point(whether  it  is   1-minute,30-
minutes,daily,or other period)and builds with each new trade.The
more  volume  traded  at  a  certain  price  level,the  greater  the  weighting
(and  more  impact)that  price  has  on  VWAP.Similarly,the  larger  the
timeframe  calculated,the  less  impact  each  new  period  will  have  on  the
weight.
VWAP  计算
VWAP             (成交量x 价格)
■成交量
VWAP 总和(价格x 成交量at 价格/总和总成交量)
用简单的语言来说，我们将每个价格下的交易价格乘以交易的 总股数，然后将这个数字除以交易的总股数，从而得出
VWAP。幸运的是，我们不必进行这些计算；它们已经内置在   任何可靠的图表平台中。VWAP  从第一个数据点(无论是1分钟、 30分钟、每日或其他周期)开始，并随着每一笔新交易而累积。 在某个价格水平上交易量越大，该价格对VWAP  的权重(和影   响)就越大。类似地，计算的时间跨度越大，每个新周期对权   重的影响就越小。
The AVWAP calculation begins with the firstcandle.In most platforms,the first value isthe actual VWAP of that first candle.绑The   boxed   in   area   on   the   largertimeframe    is    magnified    in    the box   to   the   right.It   shows   thestarting   value   of   the   VWAP.
The AVWAP calculation begins with the first
candle.In most platforms,the first value is
the actual VWAP of that first candle.
绑
The   boxed   in   area   on   the   larger
timeframe    is    magnified    in    the box   to   the   right.It   shows   the
starting   value   of   the   VWAP.
4150
41.00 4050  4000  39.50 3900  3850  380
3750  3700  36.50 36.00 35.50 35.00 3450  34.00 33.50 33.00 32.50 32.00 31.50 31.00 3050  30.00 2950  29.00
28.50
C&1F
C&1
Chart   5.4   The   appearance   of   the   first   anchor  point   is   often   represented   as   a   "dot"as   in
the       chart        above.Chart:TC2000.com
Data Settings
When the user chooses the timeframe to study VWAP,there may be an
option for how the VWAP is calculated in your charting software.To
achieve the most accurate VWAP value,you want to use the shortest
timeframe available without affecting the ability to see it clearly on the
chart(see Chart 5.5 to see how the data can appear to be“scrunched up”on shorter timeframes where there are more candles).Unless we use tick data, which uses every transaction in the calculation,all VWAPs that do not use    tick-data will be a very close approximation to the actual VWAP.For our
purposes,the variances are not critical.Just remember,the shortest time increments willprovide the most accurate VWAP approximation.
415041.00405040003950390038503803750370036.50 3600  35.50 35.00 3450  34.00  33.50 33.00 3250  32.00 3150  31.00 3050  3000  295029.00 2850AVWAP计算从第一个蜡烛开始。在大多数平台上，第一个值是 该第一个蜡烛的实际VWAP。aehi   绑The boxedin area on the largertimeframe is magnified in the -!-右边的框。它显示starting value of the VWAP.图5.4第一个'锚点的外观通常表示为一个“点”,如上图所示。图： TC2000.comom sacl7!a,
4150
41.00
4050
4000
3950
3900
3850
380
3750
3700
36.50 3600  35.50 35.00 3450  34.00  33.50 33.00 3250  32.00 3150  31.00 3050  3000  2950
29.00 2850
AVWAP计算从第一个
蜡烛开始。在大多数平台上，第一个值是 该第一个蜡烛的实际VWAP。
ae
hi   绑
The boxedin area on the larger
timeframe is magnified in the -!-右边的框。它显示
starting value of the VWAP.
图5.4第一个'锚点的外观通常表示为一个“点”,如上图所示。图： TC2000.com
om sacl
7!a,
数据设置
当用户选择研究VWAP  的时间跨度时，您的图表软件中可能会有一个 选项来决定如何计算VWAP。为了获得最准确的VWAP值，您希望使 用最短的时间跨度，同时不影响在图表上清晰地看到它(参见图表
5.5,以了解在较短时间跨度上数据如何看起来“拥挤”在一起，因为 有更多的蜡烛图)。除非我们使用逐笔数据(它使用每笔交易进行计  算),否则所有不使用逐笔数据的VWAP  都将非常接近实际的
VWAP。对于我们来说，这些差异并不关键。请记住，最短的时间增 量将提供最准确的VWAP近似值。
For intraday trading,tick data is the absolute accurate number for VWAP
because it averages every single trade.Many platforms do not allow for
such precise data,and  some allow for intra-minute(10,15,30  second)price bars(or candles).For all but the most active of intraday scalpers,a1-
minute period is short enough to understand the VWAP intraday.The
longer the period of price data studied,the longer timeframe you can “get away with,"but it is sometimes valuable to refer to the shorter timeframe for a more accurate look at the true value.
3015C301.00 3005C300.002995C299.0C298.5C298.002975C2970C2965C2960C295502950294512940C293.5C2930C2925C2920Cip   10         I       1p      p      2p246294.00  29350 2930   29250 29200 291.50291.001-Minute Candles5-Minute Candles301.50 301.00 300.50 300.00299.50
3015C
301.00 3005C
300.00
2995C
299.0C
298.5C
298.00
2975C
2970C
2965C
2960C
29550
2950
29451
2940C
293.5C
2930C
2925C
2920C
ip   10         I       1p      p      2p
246
294.00  29350 2930   29250 29200 291.50
291.00
1-Minute Candles
5-Minute Candles
301.50 301.00 300.50 300.00
299.50
Chart 5.5 Side by side 1-minute and5-minute charts of the same trade data.Chart:
TC2000.com
Active traders should start the day with a 1-minute timeframe for the first    part of the day,and then use longer timeframes as the data gets “scrunched up”and it becomes difficult to differentiate the candles.A shorter
timeframe slightly increases accuracy at new anchor points,but the longer timeframes allow more clarity of the larger picture.Shorter term
timeframe traders will be the participants who will benefit the most from the  intraday  charts.
对于日内交易， tick  数据是VWAP  的绝对准确数字，因为它平均了 每一笔交易。许多平台不允许使用这种精确数据，而有些平台允许使 用分钟级(10、15、30秒)价格柱(或蜡烛图)。对于大多数日内  剥头皮交易者来说，1分钟的周期足够短，可以理解VWAP  的日内  表现。所研究的价格数据周期越长，你“能容忍”的时间框架就越  长，但有时参考较短的时间框架可以更准确地了解真实价值。
301.5C301.00 3005C300.002995C299.0C298.5C298.002975C2970C2965C2960C2955029500294512940C293.5C293002925C2920C291.00■M14Minute  Candles                                        5-Minute Candles29850298.00 297.50297.00 29650  29600 29SsI84529400293.5029300292502920029150IpMs
301.5C
301.00 3005C
300.00
2995C
299.0C
298.5C
298.00
2975C
2970C
2965C
2960C
29550
29500
29451
2940C
293.5C
29300
2925C
2920C
291.00
■
M14Minute  Candles                                        5-Minute Candles
29850
298.00 297.50
297.00 29650  29600 29Ss
I845
29400
293.50
29300
29250
29200
29150
IpMs
图表5.5并列显示同一交易数据的1分钟和5分钟图表。图表： TC2000.com
活跃的交易者应该在一天的开始时，使用1分钟的时间框架进行白天  的第一部分，然后随着数据“挤压”在一起，并且难以区分蜡烛时， 使用更长的时间框架。较短的时间框架略微提高了新锚点的准确性， 但更长的时间框架允许更清晰地了解大局。短期时间框架的交易者将 是从日内图表中受益最多的参与者。
When considering where to set your anchor,the most common choices     are  to   anchor  from  the:open(0),high(H),low(L),or  close(C).The  most accurate AVWAP measurement will include as much data as possible,so  the OHLC/4 is best,as it is the most inclusive of the data available.This   simply means the weighting ofthe AVWAP will not be overly influenced    by the open,high,low or close,it treats them all equally.
Is the AVWAP a Moving Average?
When viewed on a chart,it is easy to confuse AVWAP with a traditional
periodic(or rolling)time weighted moving average.Time is part of the
calculation ofthe AVWAP,but it is not the typical rolling time-based
method used in the calculation of a moving average,where older data drops off and is replaced with newer data.
The AVWAP is the cumulative average price,weighted by volume.The
value of AVWAP changes with the continued addition of new price and
volume data,from the fixed starting point of our anchor.As time
progresses,the amount of data builds cumulatively and the AVWAP will
move up or down.We can view this as a gauge of an emerging trend.The
AVWAP is displayed as a line,and it moves up and down as time progresses, and while the AVWAP looks like a rolling period average price-the
AVWAP is materially different(and more valuable)because it starts at a signficant event and builds with each new data point.
Momentum  and  Trend  versus  Value
Like any indicator,the analysis ofthe AVWAP will have different
applications to various market participants.A long momentum participant will view the positive slope ofthe AVWAP as confirmation that their
position is working.When this occurs,they want to stay involved and
在考虑设置锚点位置时，最常见的选项是从：开盘价(0)、最高价
(H)、 最低价 (L) 或收盘价 (C) 进行锚定。最准确的AVWAP  测  量将包含尽可能多的数据，因此OHLC/4 是最好的，因为它包含了可用 数据中最全面的部分。这意味着AVWAP  的权重不会过度受到开盘价、 最高价、最低价或收盘价的影响，它将它们都平等对待。
AVWAP 是移动平均线吗?
在图表上查看时，很容易将AVWAP  与传统的周期性(或滚动)时  间加权移动平均线混淆。时间是AVWAP   计算的一部分，但它不是  移动平均线计算中常用的典型滚动时间方法，其中旧数据会消失并被 新数据取代。
AVWAP 是按成交量加权的累积平均价格。AVWAP 的值随着新价格 和成交量数据的持续添加而变化，从我们的锚点固定起始点开始。随 着时间的推移，数据会累积增加，AVWAP   会向上或向下移动。我们 可以将其视为一个新兴趋势的指标。AVWAP   以线条形式显示，随着 时间的推移上下移动，虽然AVWAP  看起来像滚动周期平均价格—— 但AVWAP  本质上不同(且更有价值),因为它从一个重要事件开  始，并随着每个新数据点而累积。
动量与趋势对比价值
像任何指标一样，AVWAP   的分析对不同市场参与者有不同的应用。 一个长期动量参与者会将AVWAP   的正斜率视为其头寸正在起作用  的确认。当这种情况发生时，他们希望保持参与并
possibly add to their position after pullbacks to the rising AVWAP.If the  momentum holder observes prices below declining AVWAP,they will not want to take new positions and might consider a sale of their longs,or to even go short the stock.
For an institutional trader who may take weeks to fill a large buy order,
they are more concerned with price and value.They willbe less aggressive about buying while the stock is above AVWAP and more aggressive while
the stock is below AVWAP.Theirjob is to purchase the shares as close to,or lower than,AVWAP.They want to buy at“discounts”to the AVWAP to help   improve the average price paid.
Speed and Lag
The amount of data used in any calculation of an average affects the rate of change of that calculation.I refer to this rate of change as"speed."All
averages become slower to respond when more data is brought into the equation.The number of data points increases throughout the period
studied;this typically makes the indicator lag as we average more data.
Unlike a moving average,the AVWAP does not always slow down with the   addition of more time and data.The volume weighting makes it possible for the AVWAP to speed up as time progresses if there is an unusual surge in   volume.
Briefly summarizing,all averages suffer from some lag as the amount of   data being averaged grows.The lag becomes more significant later in the relevant time period.New data points have diminished weight and will
continue to have less weight as time progresses.The longer the period averaged,the smoother an average line will appear.With AVWAP,
however,volume is the most important factor in the calculation and a
在回调到上升的AVWAP   后可能加仓。如果动量持有者观察到价
格低于下降的AVWAP,   他们不会想开新头寸，并可能考虑卖出
他们的多头，甚至做空该股票。
对于可能需要数周时间才能完成一个大额买入订单的机构交易员来说， 他们更关注价格和价值。当股价高于AVWAP  时，他们会较少地积极   买入；而当股价低于AVWAP 时，他们会更积极地买入。他们的工作   是在接近或低于AVWAP的位置购买股票。他们希望以低于
AVWAP的“折扣”价格买入，以帮助提高平均买入价格。
速度和滞后
用于计算平均值的任何数据量都会影响该计算的速率变化。我将这种 速率变化称为“速度”。当引入更多数据时，所有平均值都会变得更 慢地响应。在研究期间，数据点的数量会增加；这通常会导致我们平 均更多数据时，指标出现滞后。
与移动平均线不同，AVWAP  并不总是随着时间和数据的增加而减慢。 如果成交量出现异常激增，成交量加权使得AVWAP  有可能随着时间  的推移而加速。
简而言之，所有平均值都会随着被平均的数据量增加而出现 一定的滞后。这种滞后在相关时间段的后期会更加显著。新 数据点的权重会逐渐减小，并且随着时间的推移，其权重会 继续降低。平均周期越长，平均线看起来就越平滑。然而， 在使用AVWAP  时，成交量是计算中最重要的因素，并且
line     displaying     AVWAP      will      rapidly     change      shape,that     is,speed      up      or down,as        volume        surges.
In     chart     5.6,notice     how     the     VWAP"speeds     up"as     large     volume     spikes     enter the    marketjust     after     12:00    p.m.and     2     p.m.The    VWAP/AVWAP     is    unique     in    that    the     average     price     can     experience     spikes     with     more     volume,while     a
time-based     average     would     have     a     smoother     arc.
100.0099:99.00@Gr     pBuysP   10a           11a             12p↓         1p            2        3p           040000【  Volume ·5000K.278.9K98.0097.00
100.00
99:
99.00
@Gr     pBuys
P   10a           11a             12p↓         1p            2        3p           040000
【  Volume ·
5000K.
278.9K
98.00
97.00
Chart   5.6   This   intraday   chart(2-minute   candles)shows   how   large   volume   spikes   can
create  a  quick  change  in  the   slope  of  the  VWAP.Chart:TC2000.com
Standard Deviation and Percent Offset Bands
Sometimes    you     willsee    standard     deviation    bands     on     a    chart     with    AVWAP
(see    Chart     5.7).AVWAP     bands     are     areas     plotted     at     standard     deviation     levels
above    and    below    the    AVWAP    line.Percent    offset    bands    are    also    used    for    the
显示AVWAP      的 线 条 会 迅 速 改 变 形 状 ， 也 就 是 说 ， 随 着 成 交 量 的 激 增 ， 速 度 会 加 快 或 减 慢 。
在图表5 .6中，请注意VWAP 如何在12:00 p.m.和2 p.m. 之后，随着大量成交 量涌入市场而“加速”。 VWAP/AVWAP     的独特之处在于，平均价格可以随 着更多成交量出现峰值，而基于时间的平均值则会有更平滑的曲线。
100.0099.98.1@GroupBuys        Bot97.0Vokume ·oSWrens                                                                                                         Littl 15000K 278.9K
100.00
99.
98.1
@GroupBuys        Bot
97.0
Vokume ·
oSWrens                                                                                                         Littl 1
5000K 278.9K
图5.6这张日内图表(2分钟蜡烛图)显示了如何大幅成交量激增可以快速改变 VWAP 的斜率。图表：TC2000.com
标准差和百分比偏移带
有时你会在带有AVWAP  的图表上看到标准偏差带(参见图5.7)。AVWAP  带是在AVWAP  线上方和下 方绘制的标准偏差级别的区域。百分比偏移带也用于相同的目的，只是它们会以固定的百分比在
AVWAP的上方或下方显示。有些人选择显示这些附加信息，以识别股票“超买或超卖”的区域。这些信 息有助于他们根据历史波动模式来把握入场和出场时机。
same purpose,except they will display at a fixed percentage above or below the AVWAP.Some people choose to display this additional information to
identify  areas  where  a  stock  is  “overbought  or  oversold.”This  information helps  time  their  entries  and  exits  based  on  historical  volatility  patterns.
My preference is to not use any type of volatility band displayed over
AVWAP.I prefer a cleaner look to the charts andto manage risk based on trends,not  on  mathematical  tendencies.As  with  any  analysis  tool,ifyou  find value in it,you should continue to use it.Do what works for you.
Chart 5.7 Daily chart with AVWAP and standard deviation bands.Chart:@Trendspider
Volume Weighted Moving Average(VWMA)
Do not confuse a VWMA with the VWAP or AVWAP.AVWMA is a periodic (time-based)moving  average where more weight  is  given  to bars with
heavy volume and less emphasis on price points where less volume is   traded.While VWMA is similar to VWAP and AVWAP in that it takes the
相同的目的，只是它们会以固定的百分比在AVWAP  的上方或下方显  示。有些人选择显示这些附加信息以识别股票“超买或超卖”的区域。 这些信息有助于他们根据历史波动模式来把握入场和出场时机。
我的偏好是不使用任何显示在AVWAP  上方的波动率带。我更喜欢图表看 起来更干净，并根据趋势而不是数学趋势来管理风险。像任何分析工具一 样，如果你觉得它有价值，就应该继续使用它。做对你有效的事情。
图5.7日线图，包含AVWAP  和标准差带。图表：@Trendspider
Volume Weighted Moving Average(VWMA)
不要将VWMA 与 VWAP 或 AVWAP 混淆。VWMA 是一种周期性(基 于时间)的移动平均线，其中赋予交易量大的K 线更大的权重，而较少  关注交易量较小的价格点。虽然VWMA   与 VWAP  和AVWAP  类似，因 为它也考虑了
volume  of trading  into  consideration,the  VMWAis  fundamentally  different from VWAP and AVWAP because it is a rolling average that continually
drops off older data as it adds in newer data.The VWMA is not a focus of this material because  it  is  a  rolling  average.We  are  interested  in  the
measurement of supply and demand forces from a specific time,not an
average  period.A  rolling  time-based  average  ruins  our  entire  reason  for anchoring  from  a  specific point.
The  green  line  is  the  50-day simple moving average.The black is the 50-day volumeweighted moving average糊Purple is the Anchored VWAPfrom an important low.Mr                Apr                  Mw              Jun                      ui                AuQ                   Sep                     Cet305.00300.00294.64 290.00 285.00 280.00275.00270.00265.00260.00 255.00 250.00 245.00240.00 235.00 230.00 225.00220.00 215.00210.00 205.00200.00195.00190.00185.00 180.00 175.00 170.00165.00 160.00 155.00 150.00 145.00
The  green  line  is  the  50-day simple moving average.
The black is the 50-day volume
weighted moving average
糊
Purple is the Anchored VWAP
from an important low.
Mr                Apr                  Mw              Jun                      ui                AuQ                   Sep                     Cet
305.00
300.00
294.64 290.00 285.00 280.00
275.00
270.00
265.00
260.00 255.00 250.00 245.00
240.00 235.00 230.00 225.00
220.00 215.00
210.00 205.00
200.00
195.00
190.00
185.00 180.00 175.00 170.00
165.00 160.00 155.00 150.00 145.00
Chart 5.8 The daily chart shows the almost indistinguishable difference between a
simple moving average and the volume weighted moving averages.Chart:TC2000.com
在交易量考虑方面， VMWA 与VWAP 和AVWAP 有根本区别，因为 VMWA   是一个滚动平均数，在添加新数据时会持续剔除旧数据。
VWMA   不是本材料关注的重点，因为它是一个滚动平均数。我们对  特定时间的供需力量测量感兴趣，而不是平均周期。滚动时间平均数 破坏了我们从特定点进行锚定的整个理由。
绿色线是50日简单移动平均线。黑色是50日成交量 加权移动平均线ral紫 色 是 锚 定VWAP从 一 个 重 要 的 低 点 。305.00300.00294.64 290.00 285.00 280.00275.00270.00265.00260.00 255.00 250.00 245.00240.00 235.00 230.00 225.00220.00 215.00210.00 205.00200.00195.00190.00185.00 180.00 175.00 170.00165.00 160.00 155.00 150.00 145.00
绿色线是50日
简单移动平均线。
黑色是50日成交量 加权移动平均线
ral
紫 色 是 锚 定VWAP
从 一 个 重 要 的 低 点 。
305.00
300.00
294.64 290.00 285.00 280.00
275.00
270.00
265.00
260.00 255.00 250.00 245.00
240.00 235.00 230.00 225.00
220.00 215.00
210.00 205.00
200.00
195.00
190.00
185.00 180.00 175.00 170.00
165.00 160.00 155.00 150.00 145.00
图5.8日线图显示了简单移动平均线和成交量加权移动平均线之间几乎无法区分的差 异。图表：TC2000.com
PART IIUSING AVWAP
PART II
USING AVWAP
Telegram:@GroupB
第二部分  使用AVWAP
第二部分  使用AVWAP
Telegram:@GroupBuys_    Bot
CHAPTER 1
STRATEGY
OVERVIEW
“The trend is your friend.”
—Martin Zweig
ike many useful concepts,AVWAP is simple.It can be over-complicated
by people who try to be“smarter”than everyone else,rather than
simply focus on making money in the markets.Do not confuse simple with ineffective.I wrote this book as an easy-to-understand manual on how to
use this dynamic analysis tool for better stock selection,timing entries,risk management,and  exit techniques.Ifyou  are  interested  in  sifting  through
academic studies for further information about VWAP,you can find some of these studies in the bibliography.Trust me,some of them are dense.
I hope you can profit from these strategies and use them to create and fine- tune strategies of your own.Ifyou follow my work on Twitter
(@alphatrends),you know I never suggest anyone blindly buy or sell a
stockjust because someone else(including myself)suggested it as a buy or
第一章策略概 述
“趋势是你的朋友。 ”
马丁 ·Zweig
L* 许多有用的概念，AVWAP 很简单。它会被那些试图比所有人
“聪明”的人过度复杂化，而不是专注于在市场中赚钱。不要把简单 和无效混淆。1写这本书是为了作为一个易于理解的指南，教你如何 使用这个动态分析工具进行更好的股票选择、入场时机、风险管理和 退出技巧。如果你有兴趣通过学术研究进一步了解 VWAP  的信息，
你可以在参考文献中找到其中一些研究。相信我，其中一些研究很密 集。
我希望你能从这些策略中获利，并利用它们来创建和优化自己的策略。如果 你关注我在Twitter  上的工作(@alphatrends),     你就知道我从不建议任何 人盲目买入或卖出股票，仅仅因为其他人(包括我自己)建议了它作为买入 或
sell.If you buy a stock,it should mean you did your own analysis and you know where you willplace your stop to limit losses ifyou are wrong.It is your money,so take responsibility for it.
It doesn't matter where you find an idea.Once you put your money into it,it means that it makes sense to you,and you must accept responsibility for
the outcome.If you constantly ask others what they think you should do
with your money,you probably shouldn't be trading.I hope this book will
help you to become self-sufficient and make your own trade decisions.It is a great feeling to have the confidence in your analysis so that you can spend   more time working on yourself(independent thinking and discipline)and    your strategies than listening to the opinions of others.
NOTE:THIS BOOK USES A TREND-FOLLOWING APPROACH.Trend-
following is exactly as it sounds:we look to enter an established trend at a   low-risk point and hold the stock until the trend slows or reverses.In many of the  strategy examples we examine momentum/trend trades.
Remember These Principles
Limit        Losses
Most of the examples in this book are trades that would have worked out.  The lesson is to look for the right setups and then manage risk.The losing trades shown in this book(5-10%of the total)will all have one thing in
common-small losses.Losing trades are part of the business,and how you handle them can distinguish between success or failure in the markets.
Focus      on      Price
I often say,"only price pays."People often misunderstand that statement and think I consider only price action and ignore all other information
卖出。如果你买入一只股票，这意味着你做了自己的分析，并且你知道如 果判断错误，你将在哪里设置止损以限制损失。这是你的钱，所以要对它 负责。
你在哪里找到想法并不重要。一旦你把钱投进去，这意味着它对你来 说是有意义的，你必须对结果负责。如果你不断询问别人他们认为你 应该怎么处理你的钱，你可能就不应该进行交易。我希望这本书能帮 助你变得自给自足，并做出自己的交易决策。有信心相信你的分析， 让你能花更多时间提升自己(独立思考和自律)以及你的策略，而不 是听取他人的意见，这是一种很棒的感觉。
注意：这本书采用趋势跟踪方法。趋势跟踪就是它听起来那样：我们在低风 险点进入既定趋势，并持有股票直到趋势放缓或反转。在我们研究的许多策 略示例中，我们都会分析动量/趋势交易。
记住这些原则
限制亏损
这本书中的大多数示例都是可能成功的交易。教训是寻找正确的设
置，然后管理风险。这本书中展示的亏损交易(占总交易量的5-10%) 都将有一个共同点——小亏损。亏损交易是生意的一部分，你如何处  理它们可以在市场中区分成功或失败。
关注价格
我经常说，“只有价格才管用。”人们常常误解这句话，认为我只考虑价 格行为，而忽略了所有其他信息
when I analyze a stock.Nothing could be further from the truth.The
markets are an auction process and prices alone tell us the price levels or
ranges where business took place.Current price simply tells us the present value assigned by all market participants.Price alone does not reveal other significant pieces of the complicated market puzzle.At the end of the day,
price is the scorecard.As my friend Jeff Cooper says,"Price is the final arbiter.”
Pay Attention to Multiple Timeframes
One of the biggest issues with many books about the market is that they are written with a single timeframe dimension.They are all written for either    investors,swing traders,or day traders.This material explains how to use   the AVWAP regardless ofyour timeframe.You willsee examples for many    timeframes,and you will learn how to combine the timeframes together
(multiple timeframe analysis)for better timing accuracy.
Recognize That Markets Are Fractal
We do not need to understand mathematics or geometry to recognize
fractals.If we take the time to carefully observe and understand human
nature and how stock market participants interact,we will see similar
patterns in different markets and on various timeframes.All the concepts of trend alignment and AVWAPs are transferable to other timeframes     because of the fractal nature of chart formations.
The fractal nature of markets allows  short-term traders to experience,on
smaller timeframes,what longer-term investors may take years to observe. This allows the shorter-term participant to learn market structure more
rapidly.Ifyou have a disdain for short-term trading,try to think of it as an opportunity to shorten your learning curve even if you do not participate in that timeframe.Shorter-term traders should also learn how shorter-
当我对一只股票进行分析时。这完全不是事实。市场是一个拍卖过程， 价格本身告诉我们交易发生的价格水平或区间。当前价格仅仅告诉我  们所有市场参与者赋予的现值。仅凭价格无法揭示复杂市场拼图中的  其他重要部分。归根结底，价格是记分牌。正如我的朋友杰夫 ·库珀所  说，“价格是最终的裁决者。”
注意多个时间周期
许多关于市场的书籍最大的问题之一是它们只使用单一的时间周期维 度来撰写。它们要么是为投资者、波段交易者或日内交易者撰写的。 本材料解释了如何使用AVWAP,   无论你的时间周期是什么。你会看 到许多时间周期的例子，并学习如何将时间周期结合起来(多时间周 期分析)以提高时机准确性。
认识到市场是分形的
我们不需要理解数学或几何来识别分形。如果我们花时间仔细观察 和理解人性以及股票市场参与者的互动方式，我们将在不同的市场 和不同的时间周期中看到相似的模式。由于图表形成的分形性质， 趋势一致性和 AVWAP 的所有概念都可以转移到其他时间周期。
市场的分形特性使短期交易者能够在较小的时间框架内体验到，而长 期投资者可能需要数年才能观察到的事物。这使得短期参与者能够更 快地学习市场结构。如果你对短期交易有厌恶感，试着将其视为一个 缩短你学习曲线的机会，即使你不参与那个时间框架。短期交易者还 应该学习如何较短-
term  trends  fit  together  in  a  longer-term  market  move.This  knowledge  can help you hold your winners longer.
Recognition of this fractal tendency is key to understanding why we can
apply the same analysis techniques to completely different markets and on any timeframe.We only need to learn the basics in one timeframe,and we   can apply those principles to all timeframes.The most accurate price
analysis comes from a recognition of the interplay of various timeframes together for a more complete understanding of market structure.
Don't Get Hung Up on Timeframe
My personal preferred timeframe in the market is from a few days to
several weeks.Most of the examples will be that timeframe.Please do not  get hung up on the timeframe shown on any of the charts.It is the concept that is most important.Many of the examples do not show the timeframe    because it is unnecessary to understand the point on the chart.
You Can be the “Smart Money”
We often hear that"smart money"is buying or selling  some  stock or doing something we should strive to do in the market.We are meant to feel
inferior  to  this  mysterious  group  of  participants.Here  is  the  truth,smart
money doesn't mean institutional money or a roomful of PhDs.It only
means  the  group  who  controls  the  trend(meaning  that  they  are  on  the
correct  side  ofthe  trend).It  is  a  mix  of  institutions  and  retail  traders;the
same  group  that  makes  up  the  “dumb  money”in  the  markets-the  people  on the wrong side of a trend.You can be the smart money if you understand
market structure and use the best tools properly.AVWAP is one of the most important tools you need to understand to be in the smart money camp.
期趋势如何在长期市场走势中契合在一起。这些知识可以帮助你更长时间地 持有赢家。
认识到这种分形趋势是理解我们为什么可以将相同的分析技术应用于 完全不同的市场和任何时间框架的关键。我们只需要在一个时间框架 中学习基础知识，就可以将这些原则应用于所有时间框架。最准确的 价格分析来自于对各种时间框架之间相互作用的认知，以便更全面地 理解市场结构。
不要纠结于时间框架
我个人在市场中的首选时间框架是从几天到几周。大多数示例将使 用这个时间框架。请不要纠结于任何图表上显示的时间框架。最重 要的是概念。许多示例没有显示时间框架，因为理解图表上的要点 是不必要的。
你可以成为“聪明资金”
我们经常听到“聪明资金”正在买入或卖出某些股票，或者正在做我 们应该在市场中努力做的事情。我们被意味着要感到不如这个神秘的 参与者群体。以下是真相，聪明资金并不意味着机构资金或一屋子里 的博士。它仅仅意味着控制趋势(这意味着他们站在了趋势的正确一 边)的群体。这是机构和个人交易者的混合体；就是构成市场“愚蠢 资金”的同一群体——趋势错误方的人。如果你理解市场结构并正确 使用最佳工具，你就可以成为聪明资金。
Create Your Own Process                                                                     创建你自己的流程
At the 1969 Woodstock Festival,Jimi Hendrix performed what has become one of the most recognized versions of the  "Star-Spangled Banner."Jimi
Hendrix most likely looked at the same sheet music that Francis Scott Key wrote  155  years  earlier,but what Jimi played versus what Francis  Scott
wrote was much  different.As  an  artist,Jimi“made the  song  his  own.”
This book is the "sheet music"for a market approach.You can try to play it note for note in the market,and probably do well with it.If you really want  to stand out and be a star in the markets,you will take this information for  what I intended it to be:a guide.I wrote this book for you,as a “market
artist,"to use as part of your method in the creation of a masterpiece of your  own,your  trading  process.
No one knows what will happen in the future.If we anticipate all potential  outcomes,we willnever be  surprised  and we will be ready  for  anything the  market gives us.An unemotional plan allows us to prepare for all  scenarios in case our primary thesis is proven wrong.Part of our trade plan needs to  account  for the times price  action moves  against  our  trade position.We
must be able to objectively cut an unprofitable trade before it grows into a large loss that is more difficult to recover from.
Work with Momentum
The goal of momentum trades is to buy stocks as they rise,sell them when they look to have peaked,and to avoid the  subsequent  selloff.If the trader can move from one winning stock to another,they can leverage time to
keep their  equity  in  stocks  when  trends  are  working to their  advantage.
Momentum  trading  is  about"buying  high  and  selling  higher."Of  course,we know it doesn't mean that you should chase stocks that are moving higher   but,rather to buy them as their momentum begins  so then we can manage   risk   properly.
在1969年的伍德斯托克音乐节上，吉米 · 亨德里克斯表演了成为最广为人
知的“星条旗永不落”版本之一。吉米 · 亨德里克斯很可能看了与弗朗西斯 · 斯科特 ·基155年前写的相同乐谱，但吉米演奏的与弗朗西斯 ·斯科特写的差  异很大。作为一名艺术家，吉米“让这首歌成为他自己的。”
这本书是市场方法的“乐谱”。你可以在市场中逐音符地演奏它，并： 且很可能因此做得很好。如果你真的想脱颖而出，在市场中成为明星， 你会把这条信息理解为我想让它成为的样子： 一份指南。我写这本书  是为了你，作为一个“市场艺术家”,作为你创造自己的杰作——你   的交易过程——方法的一部分来使用。
没有人知道未来会发生什么。如果我们预见到所有可能的结果，我们 就永远不会感到惊讶，并且我们会为市场给予我们的一切做好准备。
一个不带情绪的计划使我们能够为我们的主要论点被证明是错误的情 况准备所有场景。我们交易计划的一部分需要考虑到价格行为与我们 的交易头寸相反的时候。我们必须能够客观地提前结束一个无利可图 的交易，以免它发展成一个更难挽回的大损失。
与趋势共舞
动量交易的目的是在股价上涨时买入股票，在股价看似达到顶峰时卖 出，并避免随后的抛售。如果交易者能够从一个盈利的股票转移到另 一个盈利的股票，他们可以利用时间来保持他们的股票头寸，当趋势 对他们有利时。动量交易是关于“高价买入，更高价卖出。”当然， 我们知道这意味着你不应该追逐上涨的股票，而是应该在动量开始时 买入它们，这样我们才能正确管理风险。
To emphasize concepts,and not get hung up on the names of the
companies,I have removed all the symbols from the charts. The names of market winners and losers will change with different market cycles,the laws of supply and demand do not.
The "breakout"buyers are often
late to a short-term trend since they buy when the price rises above the
prior high.The breakout buys are
noted by the red arrows.
310.0C
300.0C
290.0C
280.0C
270.0C
260.0C
250.0C
240.0C
下               230.0C
220.0C
210.0C
200.0C
190.0C
180.0C
170.0C
The green arrows show better entry points 160.0C as the stock finds near term momentum.   150.0C 140.0C
Chart 1.1 Daily chart with traditional breakout purchases and momentum purchases. Chart:TC2000.com
Chart 1.1 shows where low-risk momentum purchases are made(green
arrows)as the stock regains upward price momentum.These purchases
allow you to be in a position of strength from the start,rather than chasing prices higher,which increases risk levels.Put another way,ifyou wait to    buy until the price exceeds(breakout)a prior high,you miss the upward
momentum and risk the possibility that the new high fails and turns into the start ofa downward trend.
为了强调概念，而不是纠结于公司的名称，我已经从图表中删 除了所有符号。市场赢家和输家的名称会随着不同的市场周期 而变化，而供求法则不会。
310300那些"突破"型买家通常是在短期趋势中较晚入场，因为他们 在价格上涨到之前的最高点时才买入。突破型买入被红色箭头标出。                       wal   iJa230220210200yt Vt Wie绿色箭头显示了更好的入口点j49。 因为股票找到了短期动量。290280270260250240ied  WR
310
300
那些"突破"型买家通常是
在短期趋势中较晚入场，因为他们 在价格上涨到
之前的最高点时才买入。突破型买入被
红色箭头标出。                       wal   iJa
230
220
210
200
yt Vt Wie
绿色箭头显示了更好的入口点j49。 因为股票找到了短期动量。
290
280
270
260
250
240
ied  WR
图1.1日K线图，包含传统突破买入和动量买入。图源：TC2000.com
图1.1显示了低风险动量买入的位置(绿色
箭头)作为股价重新获得上涨动量时。这些买入
让你从一开始就处于强势位置，而不是追逐
更高的价格，这会增加风险水平。换句话说，如果你等待， 买入直到价格超过(突破)之前的最高点，你错过了上涨的 势头，并承担了新高点失败并转为
下行趋势的起始的可能性。
0C0C0C0C0C0C0C0C0C0C0C0C............190.0CTauC170.00150.0C14006AVWAP Subjectivity                                                                      AVWAP   主观性
0C
0C
0C
0C
0C
0C
0C
0C
0C
0C
0C
0C
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
190.0C
TauC
170.00
150.0C
14006
Where to anchor the AVWAP is subjective.Itry to remove some of that
subjectivity with the use of concrete rules and examples.I packed this book with charts to reinforce the written word.After all,technical analysis is
about charts.Remember,no tool can provide the most important
ingredients for success:hard work,discipline(with a willingness to be flexible),and risk management.That is up to you.
The AVWAP is not a magic bullet,but it will amaze you how often the
AVWAP from a specific event becomes the actual price turning point when there is little or no other technical data to indicate a that change of trend
should have occurred.My experience has convinced me that the AVWAP is the“most powerful”indicator.Whether you use it on a stand-alone basis  for your analysis or as a complement to your current approach,I hope it  is valuable to you too.
No method of picking stocks is without flaw.Fundamental analysis or
technical analysis will not assure success every time you put your money at risk.Ifyou expect consistent success by analyzing fundamentals
(“fundamental analysis”),you cannot buy stocks based solely on any one
fundamental factor,such as a Price to Earnings Ratio.Similarly,when using other forms of technical analysis,you need to consider more than a single    historical trading pattern,such as a "Head and Shoulder,"to be a skilled
trader.
People who have learned to analyze a company based solely on its financial performance are often unfamiliar with,or unsuccessful at,technical
analysis because they expect it to be formulaic.They confuse the “art”of interpretation and use of price study with the science of what they have  read concerning "cookie cutter"patterns.
The strategies in this section are the ones that I have developed over my 30+years of trading and continue to use each day.They are not the only
AVWAP   的锚定位置是主观的。我试图通过使用具体的规则和示例来 减少这种主观性。我在这本书中塞满了图表来强化文字内容。毕竟，
技术分析是关于图表的。记住，没有工具能提供成功最重要的要素：
努力工作、纪律(并愿意保持灵活性)和风险管理。这取决于你。
AVWAP   不是一个灵丹妙药，但它会令你惊叹，从一个特定事
件中得出的AVWAP   多少次成为实际的价格转折点，当时几乎
没有或没有其他技术数据表明趋势应该发生变化。我的经验让我 确 信 ，AVWAP  是“最强大”的指标。无论你是在分析中单独
使用它，还是作为你当前方法的补充，我都希望它对你也有价值。
没有选股方法是无懈可击的。基本面分析或技术分析不会每次你将资 金冒险时都保证成功。如果你通过分析基本面(“基本面分析”)来 期待持续的成功，你不能仅根据任何单一 的基本因素(例如市盈率) 来购买股票。同样地，在使用其他形式的技术分析时，你需要考虑超 过一个单一 的历史交易模式(例如“头肩顶”)才能成为一名熟练的 交易者。
那些仅凭财务表现来分析一家公司的人，往往不熟悉或不擅长技术分析，因为他们 期望技术分析是公式化的。他们将解释和运用价格研究的“艺术”与所读到的关于 “现成模板”模式的科学混淆在一起。
本节中的策略是我经过  年交易经验开发并持续每日使用的。它们并非 唯一
ways to use AVWAP.
Telegram:@GroupBuys     Bot
使用AVWAP 的方法。
Telegram:@GroupBuys   Bot
What About Extended Hours Trading?
This book is focused on the regular trading hours for U.S.
equities,which are 9:30 a.m.to 4:00 p.m.Eastern Standard Time. The opportunity does exist to trade stocks in the pre-market as  early as 8 a.m.and in the post-market as late as 8 p.m.For most  stocks,volume is much lighter than in the regular trading
hours and that creates liquidity issues.Trades placed outside
traditional trading hours have a unique set ofrisks and,as such, are not for everyone.
large moves are often made in some stocks which may be
issuing earnings reports or reporting other news.Itypically do  not get involved in these stocks.I seldom enter new positions in the pre-market but there are opportunities for those who are
attracted to the very fast moves that can occur in these hours. That being said,IfIam holding a stock,I do like to take profits   when there are large moves in the pre-market.It is all about    your personality and your preferences.
Post-market moves are more common for the stocks of bigger companies,especially during earnings season when many
companies report their quarterly results after the 4 p.m close. This can affect some of the largest stocks in existence and the   trading can be very liquid and volatile.
What About Extended Hours Trading?
本书主要关注美国股票的常规交易时间，即东部标准时间 上午9:30至下午4:00。确实存在提前交易和盘后交易的机 会，分别最早可早至上午8点，最晚可晚至晚上8点。对于 大多数股票，盘前和盘后的交易量远低于常规交易时段， 这会导致流动性问题。在传统交易时段之外进行的交易具 有独特的风险，因此并非适合所有人。
有时开盘前时段会比较繁忙。
某些股票在提前交易时段往往会发生大幅波动，这些股票 可能正在发布盈利报告或其他新闻。我通常不会参与这类 股票。我很少在提前交易时段建立新仓位，但那些喜欢这 些时段可能出现的极快波动的人会有机会。话虽如此，如 果我在持有某只股票，当提前交易时段出现大幅波动时， 我确实喜欢获利了结。这一切都取决于你的个性和偏好。
上市后的股价波动在大型公司中更为常见，尤其是在财  报季，许多公司在下午4点收盘后报告其季度业绩时。这 可能影响一些现存的最大型股票，交易可能非常活跃且  波动性很大。
如果你容易追涨股票或无法控制你的情绪冲动，那么在延 长交易时段内成功交易将非常困难。只有你自己才能知道 是否适合你的性格在延长交易时段内进行交易。在你弄清 楚之前，在延长交易时段内保持较小的持股规模。
如果你容易追涨股票或无法控制你的情绪冲动，那么在延 长交易时段内成功交易将非常困难。只有你自己才能知道 是否适合你的性格在延长交易时段内进行交易。在你弄清 楚之前，在延长交易时段内保持较小的持股规模。
If you are prone to chasing stocks or unable to control your
emotional urges,it will be difficult for you to trade successfully in the extended hours.Only you will know ifit makes sense for
your personality to trade during the extendedhours sessions. Until you know,keep your share size small in extended trade  hours.
Telegram:@GroupBuys      Bot                    Telegram:@GroupBuy        Bot
CHAPTER 2
SUPPORT AND
RESISTANCE
"Never  turn  a  trade  into  an  investment  or
an  investment  into  a  trade."
—Barry Ritholtz
Chapter     Objectives
1.Define Support and identify levels of Support on a chart
2.Understand Support as a level ofdemand
3.Define Resistance and identify levels of Resistance on a chart
4.Understand Resistance as a level of supply
5.Identify "levels ofinterest"on a chart
6.Use AVWAP to analyze levels of Support and Resistance
7.Use AVWAP slope to determine if buyers or sellers are in control ofthe action
第二章支撑位和阻 力位
“永远不要把交易变成投资，或者把投资 变成交易。”-Barry     Ritholtz
章节目标
he  continual  struggle  for  control  between  the  bulls   and  bears  makes  the
I     t~lmalnta                                    fncinetin~ud  f+Le            becicle      funnl             and
stock      market       a      fascinating       study      of       the      basic       laws      of      supply       and
demand.Support   and  Resistance  levels   are  where  we  understand  how markets    move.
The goal of a trader is to study how a stock reacts to the ever-present
supply and demand battles.When a trend exerts  strength,in either
direction,we must be ready to be on the correct side sowe can take part in the directional moves that follow.
AVWAPs can reveal order in the market where none appears from
traditional technical analysis tools.This is how Ifirst recognized the value ofthe AVWAP when I noticed it in 2003.Ifyou do not use AVWAP in your
analysis,you cannot see important levels of Support and Resistance that others are using successfully to make more money.
The simplest and most effective use of the AVWAP is to find “hidden”levels of Support and Resistance.How do they hide?The answer is simple:you
can't see them if you don't place the AVWAP on the chart.Once we identify Support and Resistance with the AVWAP,then we can use those levels as   the basis of our trade plan.
When we buy or sell a stock as it emerges from the battlegrounds of
Support and Resistance levels,we can also control risk easily and
objectively by placing stops outside of the consolidation range after our
entry into a new position.Therefore,it is essential to understand the
concepts of Support and Resistance in order to identify where to place the stop.
牛熊之间的持续控制权斗争使T 股票市场成为研究供求基本规律 的一个引人入胜的课题。支撑和阻力位是我们理解市场如何运作的地 方。
交易者的目标是研究股票如何应对无处不在的供需博弈。当趋势展现 出力量，无论方向如何，我们必须准备好站在正确的立场，以便参与 随之而来的方向性走势。
AVW2APs   可以揭示传统技术分析工具无法显现的市场秩序。这就 是我在2003年首次认识到AVWAP 价值的方式。如果你在分析中不 使用AVWAP,  你就无法看到其他人正在成功利用的重要支撑位和 阻力位，从而赚取更多利润。
AVWAP 最简单且最有效的使用方式是找到“隐藏”的支撑位和阻力 位。它们是如何隐藏的?答案很简单：如果你不在图表上放置
AVWAP,   就看不到它们。一旦我们通过AVWAP 识别出支撑位和阻 力位，我们就可以将这些水平作为我们交易计划的基础。
当我们买入或卖出在支持位和阻力位战场上出现的股票时，我们也可以通过在建立 新仓位后，将止损单设置在盘整区间之外，轻松且客观地控制风险。因此，理解支 持位和阻力位的概念对于确定止损单的位置至关重要。
What is Support?                                             什么是支持?
Support in the markets,or an individual stock,is an area where prices drop and there is enough buying interest(demand)to overwhelm selling
(supply)and prices level out where they find Support.Look at the thick
green line in Chart 2.1.Temporary price equilibrium after a pullback is
known as Support.This is a price range rather than a precise price point. This tendency reveals itself more in longer timeframes,where ranges are typically       larger.
1Daly
.235.00SUPPORTAfter trending higher for several months,the stock began an 8-month  period  where  the  price  remained  in  the  range  between207-212.|This is how you'd recognize an area or level of support.165.00155.00Mu                    kor                Mzy                Mn                 :J                                        p                     Dcr225.00215.00205.00195.00185.001 75.00Le                 Ln
.235.00
SUPPORT
After trending higher for several months,the stock began an 8-
month  period  where  the  price  remained  in  the  range  between
207-212.|This is how you'd recognize an area or level of support.
165.00
155.00
Mu                    kor                Mzy                Mn                 :J                                        p                     Dcr
225.00
215.00
205.00
195.00
185.00
1 75.00
Le                 Ln
Chart 2.1 Traditional(non-AVWAP)Support levels  show  as  a horizontal area on a chart
where  buyers  Support  the  price  and  it  cannot  drop.Chart:TC2000.com
Support areas form as various participants feel compelled to buy in the
same approximate area.The stock becomes more neutral or “trendless”as it builds upenough pent-upenergy from buyers and sellers for the next
trend to emerge.During a transition from a market controlled by supply to
市场中的支持位，或个股的支持位，是指价格下跌且存在足够的买入 兴趣(需求)以压倒卖出(供应)并找到支撑位使价格稳定的区域。 查看图表2.1中的粗绿线。回调后的暂时价格均衡被称为支持位。这  是一个价格区间，而不是一个精确的价格点。这种趋势在更长的时间 框架中更为明显，其中区间通常更大。
1Daly,235.00SUPPORT在连续数月上涨后，该股票开始了 一 个8-月的周期，价格保持在207-212的范围内。这是你如何识别一个支撑区域或支撑水平的。165.00155.00225.00215.00205.00195.00185.001 75.00
1Daly
,235.00
SUPPORT
在连续数月上涨后，该股票开始了 一 个8-
月的周期，价格保持在207-212的范围内。
这是你如何识别一个支撑区域或支撑水平的。
165.00
155.00
225.00
215.00
205.00
195.00
185.00
1 75.00
图2.1传统(非AVWAP)   支撑水平在图表上显示为一条水平区域，买方支持价格且价格 无法下跌。图表：TC2000.com
支持区域形成，因为各种参与者感到有压力在同一大致区域购买。随着买卖 双方积累足够的潜在能量，为下一趋势的出现做准备，股票变得更具中性或 “无趋势性”。在从由供应控制的市场过渡到由需求控制的市场期间，卖方 变得不那么激进，而买方则对其出价更加坚决。
control by demand,sellers become less aggressive and buyers become more assertive with their bids.
For example,participants with an open short position can be motivated to   cover(buy back)their positions profitably.Long holders who want to add to their positions perceive value,which induces them to place bids.This level  of value at Support might also motivate sidelined cash to get involved.The   collective action of participants at these price levels results in less supply
and more demand,which halts downward price activity and provides
support for the stock.This is why you should think of Support as a demand area.
What is Resistance?
Similar to Support,Resistance is not a precise level,it is an“area.”It is common for Support and Resistance to form a loose range.
Think of Resistance as an area of supply.Resistance levels halt an upward price move,at least temporarily and is the opposite of Support.At
Resistance  sellers  provide  enough  pressure(supply)to  overwhelm  the buying(demand)and  prices  "resist"going  higher.Buyers  become  less   aggressive,and sellers become more aggressive.
The formation of Resistance is a transition from a demand controlled
market to a supply controlled market(shown with the thick red line on
Chart 2.2).Resistance levels can be areas where three things occur:longs will exit,buyers will slow their purchases,and shorts will consider entry.
控制，卖方变得不那么激进，而买方则对其出价更加坚决。
例如，持有开仓短头寸的参与者可能会被激励以盈利的方式平仓(买 入)。想要增加头寸的多头持有者认为存在价值，这促使他们出价。 在支撑位这个水平的价值也可能激励被闲置的资金参与进来。在这些 价格水平上参与者的集体行动导致供应减少而需求增加，从而停止了 下跌的价格活动并为股票提供支撑。这就是为什么你应该将支撑位视 为一个需求区域。
阻力位是什么?
与支撑位类似，阻力位也不是一个精确的水平，而是一个“区域”。支 撑位和阻力位通常形成一个松散的范围。
将阻力位视为一个供应区域。阻力位会阻止价格上涨，至少在短期 内，它是支撑位的对立面。在阻力位上，卖方提供足够的压力(供 应)来压倒买方(需求),价格“抵制”上涨。买方变得不那么积 极，而卖方变得更加积极。
Resistances 的形成是从需求控制市场向供应控制市场的转变(如图 2.2中的粗红线所示)。 Resistances    水平可以是三个事情发生的区  域：多头将退出，买家将减缓他们的购买，空头将考虑入场。
RESISTANCE1Dy
RESISTANCE
,235.00225.00215.00205.00195.00185.00175.00165.00155.00Mr                 二I                          n                                   Paq                           LetThe "time correction"saw resistance buildbetween 230-235 over the same 8-month period.fusD
,235.00
225.00
215.00
205.00
195.00
185.00
175.00
165.00
155.00
Mr                 二I                          n                                   Paq                           Let
The "time correction"saw resistance build
between 230-235 over the same 8-month period.
fus
D
Chart 2.2 Traditional(non-AVWAP)Resistance shows as a horizontal area on the chart
where supply overwhelms demand and prices "resist"going higher.Chart:TC2000.com
How do We Use Support and Resistance?
Potential.Add this word to your vocabulary.You will often read phrases like "The market has support at xxx."Most of the time “xxx”refers to a price
area below where the current price resides.It is also common to hear this about  a  prior  level  of Resistance,“There  is  strong  resistance  at  xxx.”The  Resistance  levels  refer  to  areas  ofprior  price  consolidation  areas  above
current  price  levels.
No  one  knows  where  true  Support  and  Resistance  lie  until  after  the  fact. Until  a  stock  bounces  from  a  prior  consolidation  area,the  short-term
10Hy"
RESISTANCE
,235.00
di
225.00215.00205.00195.00185.00175.00165.00155.00The “time correction”saw resistance build 在230至235之间，在相同的8个月期间。
225.00
215.00
205.00
195.00
185.00
175.00
165.00
155.00
!II
!
nI1l图2.2-传统。(非AVWAP)阻力显示为图表上的一个水平区域
nI1l
当供应过剩而需求不足时，价格“难以”上涨。图表；TC20Q0.com
我们如何使用支撑位和阻力位?
潜力。把这个词加到你的词汇中。你经常会读到像“市场在xxx   处   有   支撑。”这样的话。大多数情况下， “xxx” 指的是当前价格所在位  置下方的价格区域。也常见于谈论一个先前的Resistance 水平，“在 xxx   处有强大的Resistance。”Resistance  水平指的是当前价格水平 上方的前期价格整合区域。
没有人知道真正的支撑位和阻力位在哪里，直到事后才知晓。直到一只. 股票从之前的整理区域反弹，短期
consolidation is simply a potential Support or Resistance level.I like to call them a “level of interest.”Stocks often continue along their current
trajectory longer than people expect and through a perceived level of Support or Resistance.This can confuse participants who try to time a reversal.
Here are two phrases to remember if you get burned with an entry at unproven Support and Resistance levels.
·Fear  knows  no  Support
·   Greed knows no Resistance
Market Psychology:Levels of
Interest
It is best to not consider a potential level of Support or Resistance to be an automatic place to do business,but rather an area where you should look   for evidence that confirms or refutes your thesis.
How do we find evidence?Examine the level ofinterest on a shorter-term
timeframe and look for a price area where you expect something will
happen-typically a reversal or breakout.This is the cornerstone of the
concept of multiple timeframe analysis.Gather evidence,observe
objectively,and patiently wait for the trade opportunity to reveal itselfin a low-risk way before you commit your hard-earned money to a risk position.
Every television detective says a criminal always returns to the scene of the crime.This is often true in the markets,which will often revisit and test the  prior consolidation(Support or Resistance)zone.When we look for a prior   level ofinterest to become Support or Resistance,what we really look for is  for that area to transform into an area where price is reevaluated by
整理区仅仅是一个潜在的支撑位或阻力位。我喜欢称它们为“兴趣位”。 股票往往会沿着当前轨迹运行的时间比人们预期的要长，并且会穿过
一个感知到的支撑位或阻力位。这可能会让试图把握反转时机的人感 到困惑。
如果你在不被证实的支撑位和阻力位上被入场烧伤，请记住以下两个短语。
c 恐惧不知支撑
*贪婪不知阻力
市场心理：兴趣水平
最好不要将潜在的支撑位或阻力位视为自动的交易点，而应将其视 为一个你应该寻找证据以确认或反驳你论点的区域。
我们如何寻找证据?在较短期的时间框架内检查兴趣水平，并寻找你 预期会发生某种事情的价位区域——通常是反转或突破。这是多时间 框架分析概念的基础。收集证据，客观观察，耐心等待交易机会以低 风险的方式显现，然后才将你辛苦赚来的钱投入风险头寸。
每个电视侦探都说罪犯总会回到犯罪现场。这在市场上往往是真的，市场经 常会重新审视并测试之前的整理(支撑或阻力)区域。当我们寻找一个之前 的兴趣水平成为支撑或阻力时，我们真正寻找的是让该区域转变为一个价格 被重新评估的区域，这个区域有足够的参与者，成为一个我们可以进行低风 险、高概率入场的地点。
enough participants to become a place where we can make a low-risk,high- probability entry.You only want to make a stock purchase once you have
actual evidence of buyers stepping in and regaining control.Never buy blindly at a level on the chart.
Our mission is to anticipate areas(levels of interest)where the buying or
selling may become significant enough to halt a price advance(Resistance)  or halt a decline(Support).After we identify levels of interest,some people place a bid in that area and hope it does,in fact,become Support.My
preference is to use that area as a place to drill down the analysis to a
shorter timeframe to look for actual evidence that the buyers are gaining
control.Don't buy the dip,buy strength after the dip.Once that evidence is   present,the next step is to plan a trade based on the perceived risk relative to the reward potential.The focus should always be risk management to
assure any loss taken is small.
The arrows in the charts below  show bullish(green)and bearish(red) touches ofthe AVWAP.
The decliningAVWAP will oftenbecome resistance in a down trend.400“
The decliningAVWAP will often
become resistance in a down trend.
400
“
Charts 2.3 and 2.4 Show how the Anchored VWAP can act as a level of Support in an
uptrend       and       Resistance       in       a        downtrend.Charts:@TrendSpider
你只有在有实际证据表明买方介入并重新获得控制权时，才想要购买 股票。永远不要在图表上的某个水平盲目购买。
我们的使命是预见可能出现的交易区域(兴趣水平),在这些区域中， 买入或卖出的行为可能变得足够重要，以至于会阻止价格上涨(阻力)  或阻止下跌(支撑)。在确定兴趣水平后，有些人会在该区域挂出买  单，并希望它确实成为支撑。我的偏好是使用该区域作为一个切入点， 将分析时间缩短，以寻找买家实际掌控市场的证据。不要买入下跌，
要在下跌后买入强势。一旦出现这些证据，下一步就是根据感知的风 险与潜在回报来制定交易计划。始终应关注风险管理，以确保任何亏 损都是可控的。
下图中箭头显示了AVWAP的看涨(绿色)和看跌(红色)触碰。
下降的AVWAP 通常会在一个下跌趋势中成为阻力，hie H ba)euv(oe上升的AVWAP通常会 一个上升趋势中的支撑位，领a
下降的AVWAP 通常会
在一个下跌趋势中成为阻力，
hie H ba)
eu
v(oe
上升的AVWAP通常会 一个上升趋势中的支撑位，
领
a
图表2 . 3和2 . 4展示了锚定VWAP   如何在上升趋势中充当支撑位，在下降趋势中充 当 阻 力 位 。 图 表 ： @TrendSpider
Notice the direction of the AVWAP is more important than an occasional
piercing ofthe AVWAP.One of these charts is constructed of daily data and the other with  15-minute data.Regardless of timeframe,the principles are the  same.
How Does AVWAP Play Into Support
&Resistance?
The AVWAP helps us to determine:
·How the market digests a price move
·Whether the market accepts or rejects new price activity from the onset ofa new trend
Trend and momentum traders want to be buyers when the AVWAP is
increasing and want to be sellers when AVWAP is decreasing.In a trending market,prices stay above an up-sloping AVWAP,and in a decline,prices
stay below a descending AVWAP.
注意AVWAP的方向比偶尔刺穿AVWAP 更重要。其中一个图表由日 线数据构成，另一个由15分钟数据构成。无论时间周期如何，原则  都是相同的。
AVWAP 如何影响支撑与阻力?
AVWAP 帮助我们确定：
*市场如何消化价格变动
4市场是否从一开始就接受或拒绝新趋势的价格活动
趋势交易者和动量交易者在AVWAP  上升时想买入，在AVWAP  下降 时想卖出。在一个趋势市场中，价格保持在上升的AVWAP 上方，而 在下跌中，价格保持在下降的AVWAP 下方。
29600394003920029000388.001960038400382001a0003780037600374003720037000260.00366003640081436000258.003560054.0MBuyers show  up at AVWAP.Buyers  fail  todefend AVWAP.DOWN TRENDUP  TREND
29600
39400
39200
29000
388.00
19600
38400
38200
1a000
37800
37600
37400
37200
37000
260.00
36600
36400
814
36000
258.00
35600
54.0M
Buyers show  up at AVWAP.
Buyers  fail  to
defend AVWAP.
DOWN TREND
UP  TREND
Chart 2.5 Buyers  are  in  control  of the  stock  while  it  is  above  a  rising  AVWAP  and  sellers are  in  control  while  prices   are  below   a   declining  AVWAP.Chart:TC2000.com
Chart 2.5 shows buyers in control above the AVWAP and sellers in control    below it.If buyers show up on pullbacks to a rising AVWAP(1),on Chart 2.5, there is a continued appetite for the stock,which makes it more likely the    stock will continue higher.Those are the stocks we want to own.When
prices drop below AVWAP(2),it reveals less demand and we do not want to make new purchases.The lack of Support for the stock also tells us to be on our guard for potential reversals and we should shift from considering new purchases to managing our risks on any open position.
Let's first look at an example of Support and Resistance with VWAP for one day(please note,the same concepts apply to alltimeframes).When the
29600394003920029000388.001960038400382001a0003780037600374003720037000260.00366003640081436000258.003560054.0MBuyers fail to   defend AVWAP.Buyers show up atAVWAP.DOWN     TREND----res UPTREND
29600
39400
39200
29000
388.00
19600
38400
38200
1a000
37800
37600
37400
37200
37000
260.00
36600
36400
814
36000
258.00
35600
54.0M
Buyers fail to   defend AVWAP.
Buyers show up atAVWAP.
DOWN     TREND----
res UPTREND
图2.5当股票价格高于上升的AVWAP  时，买方控制股票；当价格低于下降的 AVWAP 时，卖方控制股票。图：TC2000.com
图表2 . 5显示在AVWAP   上方买家掌控市场，下方卖家掌控市场。如果买家出 现在对冲上升的AVWAP   的 回 调 中 ( 1 ) , 在 图 表 2 . 5 中 ， 市 场 对 股 票 的 需 求  持续存在，这使得股票更有可能继续上涨。这些是我们想要持有的股票。当 价 格 跌 破AVWAP(2)         时，这表明需求减少，我们不想进行新的购买。股
票缺乏支撑也告诉我们要警惕潜在的逆转，我们应该从考虑新的购买转向管 理我们任何持仓的风险。
让我们首先看 一 个关于单日VWAP   支撑和阻力的例子(请注意，这些概念适 用 于 所 有 时 间 周 期 ) 。 当
stock is in a trend day(that is,trending up or down during a day),it is likely to finish near the high (long)or low(short)of the day.
Two examples in charts 2.6&2.7 show one-minute charts for one day.The chart on the left shows price action alone,and the one on the right shows
price along with the daily VWAP,which starts from the first minute of   trading.Atrader can observe Support and Resistance at VWAP/AVWAP levels in all timeframes,from the shortest intraday charts to multiple    years.
The only difference between the two charts is the addition of the daily
VWAP to the one on the right.This stock gapped higher(1)and
immediately found supply from sellers.This drove the price lower(2).After the first few minutes of trading,the buyers regained control as the stock
traded back above the daily VWAP(3)just before 10 a.m.This early
shakeout action often precedes a continuation of the direction of the
original gap.Notice how two subsequent tests ofthe VWAP also found
demand(Support)from buyers(4 and 5).There are no other technical tools which would have led you to think buyers wouldemerge where the two
blue arrows are located.Without an understanding of the proper use of the VWAP,you would never be able to see that.In fact,there is a trend upward  over the relevant timeframe.Without the VWAP you would think that the    price was entering a downward trend when the tool shows that it is more
likely that buyers will be upping their purchases(4 and5).
股票处于趋势日(也就是说，在一天内上涨或下跌),它很可能在当天的最 高点(做多)或最低点(做空)附近结束。
图表2.6&2.7中的两个示例显示了为期一天的分钟图。左侧的图 表仅显示价格行为，而右侧的图表显示了价格以及每日的VWAP
(成交量加权平均价),它从交易的第一分钟开始计算。交易者可 以在所有时间框架内观察到在 VWAP/AVWAP     水平上的支撑和阻 力，从最短的日内图表到多年图表。
这两个图表之间的唯一区别是在右边的图表中增加了每日VWAP。  这 只股票向上跳空(1),并立即从卖家中找到了供应。这导致价格下  跌(2)。在交易的前几分钟，买方重新获得控制权，因为这只股票  在上午10点之前交易回每日VWAP 之上(3)。这种早期的洗盘行动  通常预示着原始跳空方向的上行延续。注意，随后的两次VWAP 测试 也发现了买方(需求) (4和5)的支持。没有其他技术工具会让你认 为买方会出现在两个蓝色箭头所在的位置。如果不了解VWAP的正确 使用方法，你永远无法看到这一点。事实上，在相关时间段内存在一 个上升趋势。如果没有VWAP,   你会认为价格正在进入下行趋势，而 工具显示更有可能的是买方会加大购买量(4和5)。
共嚣势制叫和机
共嚣势制叫和机
n5
2D%
259
2.0
5h5
5
1nL9
1
满  研聘健00
满  研聘
健
0590Buyers   maintain   control   of   the
05
90
trend         on         pullbacks         to         VWAP.
5.55
875670贴猫以地族租势 关Buyers  regain  control    after  initial  prfit  taking
875
670
贴猫
以
地族
租势 关
60
5 5%
65
Charts 2.6&2.7 These one-minute charts show the same stock without and with the
VWAP.Charts:TC2000.com
Telegram    @Selling pressure is strong from
Telegram    @
the start of the gap lower.(
Early rally attempt failed to
2        make it back above VWAP.
Chart 2.8 and 2.9 Compare these 5-minute charts.The addition of the VWAP to Chart
2.9 on the right adds a visual dimension to the stock's pricing activity which makes
trends   easier  to  recognize.Charts:TC2000.com
The VWAP and AVWAP can reveal important levels of buyer and seller
interest which do not show with any other analysis method.In the charts    above,we see how the addition of VWAP to the chart can show us “hidden” levels of Resistance.
图表2.6&2.7这些一分钟图表显示了相同股票没有和带有VWAP  的情况。图表：
TC2000.com
Sellinglbressure is strong from the start ofthe gaplower,Telegram:
Sellinglbressure is strong from the start ofthe gaplower,
2/Early  rally  attempt  failed  to 使 其 回 到VWAP   之 上 。
2/
图2.8和2.9比较这些5分钟图表。在右侧的图2.9中添加VWAP  为股票的价格 活动增加了一个视觉维度，这使得趋势更容易识别。图表：TC2000.com
VWAP  和AVWAP   可以揭示其他分析方法无法显示的买方和卖方兴 趣的重要水平。在上面的图表中，我们看到在图表中添加VWAP 如 何向我们展示 “ 隐藏 ” 的阻力水平 。
Chart 2.8 shows price action only while Chart 2.9 shows price along with
the daily VWAP.Notice how the stock gapped lower on the day(1)and
stayed below the declining VWAP throughout the  session.When the  slope of the VWAP is lower,it is best to stay away from the long side(that is,not to buy or hold onto  shares).In fact,with the example above,it would have
made sense to short the stockjust before  10:45  a.m.when  it rallied to the
declining  VWAP(2)and  then  resumed  its  decline.Without  the  VWAP,it
would have been much more difficult to identify where Resistance might be  found.The development of the VWAP  showed an objective measure of trend activity to compare price to as it unfolds.
Market Psychology:Support and Resistance
Consider  Support  and Resistance areas as places where a bounce might
occur,but  look  for  other  confirmations  before  making  a  purchase.Ourjob  is to  anticipate  price  scenarios,not  predict  them.
Once we identify a key level of Support or Resistance,we wait for price
confirmation(prices  begin  to  move  higher)on  a  shorter  timeframe  before putting  hard  earned  money  to  risk.
We want to be involved in an emerging move at the onset,not after atrend campaign is well underway and the risks are higher.Do not chase price
action.Ifyou miss  out,it  exposes you to too much risk.
Be aware that the more obvious a level seems to be,the more likely it is
that other traders will also know that level and they will use it as an area for a stop loss or to exit a portion of their position.This can make the
obvious level a place where failed moves are likely,so be careful with stops in  these  areas.
图表2.8仅显示价格行为，而图表2.9则显示价格以及每日 V
WAP 。 注意当日股票开盘价下跌(1),并在整个交易时段内维持在  下降的VWAP  下方。当VWAP  的斜率较低时，最好远离多头(即不 买入或持有股票)。实际上，根据上述示例，在上午10:45之前，当  它反弹至下降的VWAP(2)       并随后继续下跌时，做空该股票是有道 理的。如果没有VWAP,    将很难确定阻力位可能出现在哪里。
VWAP 的发展显示了价格变化的客观趋势活动指标，可以将其作为 比较的基准。
市场心理：支撑与阻力
将支撑和阻力区域视为可能发生反弹的地方，但在做出购买决定之前，寻找 其他确认信号。我们的任务是预见价格情景，而不是预测它们。
一旦我们识别出关键的支持或阻力位，我们会在较短的时间框架内   等待价格确认(价格开始上涨),然后再将辛苦赚来的钱冒险投入。
我们希望在趋势初期就参与其中，而不是在趋势已经全面展开且风险更   高的之后。不要追逐价格行动。如果你错过了，会让你面临过多的风险。
请注意，一个级别看起来越明显，其他交易者就越可能知道这个级别，并会 将其用作止损区域或退出部分头寸的点位。这可能使明显的级别成为失败操 作可能发生的区域，因此在这些区域设置止损时要小心。
We want to anticipate whether a price zone will be a level where a
breakout or reversal is likely to occur.To do that we try to understand at   what price zone enough participants will get involved to shift the balance of supply and demand.The AVWAP allows us the ability to better find this potential price zone because it  allows us to  compare the  instantaneous
prices  with  the  trending  price.
When you identify potential levels of Support and Resistance consider:
·Where  will  longs  be  forced  to  fearfully  liquidate  before  they sustain  a  larger  loss?
·Where  will  short  sellers  become  nervous  about  growing  losses
and become motivated to  cover their bearish bets?This  could lead to  a  short  squeeze.
·Where  will  sidelined  cash  be  unable  to  resist  getting  involved?
市场心理：自我强化
市场心理：自我强化
Market          Psychology:Self-Reinforcing
Role
The  natural  question  is,why  do  certain  price  areas  attract  enough  buyers and  sellers  to  provide  Support  or  Resistance  to  price  movement?Support  and  Resistance  areas  are  often  “self-fulfilling”in  nature.When  you  first
learn  about  technical  analysis,you  likely  heard  something  like,the  bulls  live above the 50-day moving average(DMA)and bears live below the 50- DMA.
Well,guess  what?Countless  market  participants   share  this  rule   of  thumb. Ifenough of them believe it to be true,they will perceive a value
opportunity as a stock pulls back towards the 50-DMA and it will play out in this  way.For  example:
我们希望预判一个价格区间是否会成为突破或反转可能发生的级别。 为此，我们试图理解在什么价格区间会有足够的参与者介入，从而   改变供需平衡。AVWAP 使我们能够更好地找到这个潜在的价格区   间，因为它允许我们将瞬时价格与趋势价格进行比较。
当你识别出潜在的支撑位和阻力位时，请考虑：
*长头寸将在遭受更大损失之前，在何处被迫恐惧性平仓?
*空头将在损失扩大时感到不安，并受激励平仓看跌头寸?这 可能引发空头挤压。
4闲置的资金将在何处无法抗拒参与?
自然的问题是，为什么某些价格区域会吸引足够的买方和卖方，为价格运动提供支 撑或阻力?支撑位和阻力位通常具有“自我实现”的性质。当你第一次学习技术分 析时，你可能会听到类似的说法，例如，多头生活在50日移动平均线(DMA)  之 上，空头生活在50-DMA之下。
好了，猜猜看?无数市场参与者都遵循这个经验法则。如果足够多的人认为 它是真的，他们就会将价值机会视为股票回调至50日均线时，事情将按以下 方式发展。例如：
·Short  sellers  who  may  have  sold  higher  as  the  stock  was  extended (stretched far above the 50-DMA)stop selling and may buy to
cover their bets at this perceived level of value.
·    Institutions that own a lot of the stock will sell some of it as it
becomes “extended”from the 50-DMA in order to reduce their
position,and then rebid  for  those  shares  at  lower  prices  as  the stock drops back down toward the 50-DMA.This allows them to sell  some  shares  at“high”prices  relative  to  the  50-DMA  and
replace  them  at  cheaper  prices.As  they  replace  the  quantity  of shares  they  sold(at  higher  at  the  prices)with  shares(at  the
now-lower prices)this  could  help  to  create  Support  at  the  50- DMA.The  stability  from  their  purchases  encourages  others  to participate  at  the  50-DMA  which  helps  further  strengthen
Support.
·e Holders of cash who are standing on the sidelines might now come in to purchase the stock at what they believe to be a bargain
price.
The  collective  action  of these  participants  results  in  diminished  supply  and increased  demand.That  is  how  Support  gets  formed.In  the  charts  below,
the emphasis is on the direction of the significant moving averages.
*空头可能会在股票上涨(远高于50日均线)时卖出，此时他 们停止卖出，并可能在此被感知的价值水平上买入以平仓。
*持有大量股票的机构会将其中的部分股票在价格从50-DMA“延伸”后卖 出，以减少其仓位，然后在股票回落至50-DMA 时以较低的价格重新买入  这些股票。这使它们能够以相对于50-DMA的“高价”卖出部分股票，并  以更便宜的价格替换它们。随着它们用(现在较低价格的)股票替换(高  价卖出的)股票数量，这有助于在50-DMA 附近形成支撑。它们的购买稳  定性鼓励其他人参与50-DMA 的交易，这有助于进一步强化支撑。
站在场边的现金持有者现在可能会进入购买他们认为便宜的价格的 股票。
这些参与者的集体行动导致供应减少和需求增加。这就是Support 形成的原理。在下面的图表中，重点在于主要移动平均线的方向。
!!The  direction of the 50-day  moving  average  ismore   important   than   aTDerdiectiono   te    potdny   monn                                                                                                                       couple    of    closes     above    it         切域M网险战今推筑量couple of clodes below it
!
!
The  direction of the 50-
day  moving  average  is
more   important   than   a
TDerdiectiono   te    potdny   monn                                                                                                                       couple    of    closes     above    it         切域
M
网险
战
今
推筑
量
couple of clodes below it
Charts   2.10   and   2.11   The   50-day   moving   average   is   a   basic   trend   identification  tool.
Chart:TC2000.com
For charts 2.10&2.11 the daily chart on the left shows a stock in an
uptrend,but note that the price drops below the 50-DMA twice.This shows that the 50-DMA is an area of interest for further study,not necessarily a
point where you should automatically buy or sell.Likewise,the chart on the right shows the declining 50-DMA as a reason not to trust rally attempts in  a downtrend.As we will see later,we will make a shorter-term analysis
using the 5-DMA in the same way.
Of course,the 50-DMA is just one example of where and how a price level
may attract enough activity to bring about a shift in supply and demand and create a level of Support or Resistance.The supply and demand battles for    control of a trend can,and often do,occur at other levels of technical
significance you may be familiar with,such as Fibonacci retracement or extension levels,a prior consolidation area,or widely watched moving  averages.Our focus here is AVWAP,which complements all the other
analysis  techniques.
The   directionof  the   50-day  moving  average  ismore   important   thanacouple  of  closes  above  it苏瓶0牌战The drectian of the GOday mowingaverage  is  more  important  thana 它下面有几个紧密的 。期 照 戴
The   directionof  the   50-
day  moving  average  is
more   important   thana
couple  of  closes  above  it
苏瓶
0
牌
战
The drectian of the GOday mowing
average  is  more  important  thana 它下面有几个紧密的 。
期 照 戴
图表2.10和2.1150日移动平均线是一种基本的趋势识别工具。图表：
TC2000.com
对于图表2.10&2.11,左侧的日线图显示一只股票处于上升趋势，但 请注意价格两次跌破50-DMA 。这表明50-DMA 是一个值得进一步  研究的区域，不一定是你应该自动买入或卖出的点。同样，右侧的图 表显示下降的50-DMA 是不信任下降趋势中反弹尝试的原因。正如
我们稍后将要看到的，我们将以相同的方式使用5-DMA  进行短期分 析。
当然，50-DMA 只是价格水平可能吸引足够活动以引起供需变化并创  建支撑或阻力水平的一个例子。控制趋势的供需战可以，并且经常发   生在其他你熟悉的技术重要性水平上，例如斐波那契回调或扩展水平、 之前的整固区域或广泛关注的移动平均线。我们在这里关注的是
AVWAP,   它补充了所有其他分析技术。
It is also important to recognize that ifone or more other technical factors show up in the same general area,it can reinforce that area's level of
significance because more participants may be forming their decision to
buy,sell,or stand aside in the same area,but each for different reasons.The more people coming to the same price conclusion,in the same area,
increases the likelihood it will become Support or Resistance.
How Would You Feel?
Beyond mere recognition of Support and Resistance zones,true market
understanding comes from anticipation of how other participants will act in different scenarios.When you look at a chart,try to imagine how you would  feel,and possibly act,if you were long,short,or in cash.
If Support breaks,who will buy,sell,or cover?How about when Resistance is broken?Understand the psychology of why Support and Resistance
develop,and you will have a significant advantage over most participants who simply lookat patterns.
Going Deeper:Slope ofthe AVWAP
One of the most common questions about the volume of trading activity is
whether the volume was in buying or selling?Well,of course,it is both.For  every buyer,there is a seller and vice versa.What we really want to know is who is more aggressive and who is in control,the buyers or sellers?The
direction andslope ofthe AVWAP allows us to answer that question easily and  accurately.
AVWAP allows us to quantify who has control at any point,buyers or
sellers.The Chart 2.12 demonstrates how to determine the directional bias by the slope ofthe AVWAP.The slope of AVWAP(higher or lower)shows
同样重要的是要认识到，如果其他一个或多个技术因素出现在同一大 致区域，它可以加强该区域的重要性水平，因为更多参与者可能会在 同一区域形成他们的买入、卖出或观望的决定，但每个原因都不同。 更多的人在同一区域得出相同的价位结论，会增加它成为支撑或阻力 的可能性。
您会如何感受?
超越对支撑位和阻力位的简单识别，真正的市场理解来自于对其他参 与者将在不同情况下如何行动的预期。当你看一张图表时，试着想象 如果你是多头、空头或现金，你会如何感受，并可能如何行动。
如果支撑位被跌破，谁会买入、卖出或平仓?当阻力位被跌破时呢? 理解支撑位和阻力位形成的原因，你将比大多数只看模式的人拥有  显著的优势。
深入探讨：AVWAP的斜率
关于交易量最常见的问题之一是交易量是在买入还是卖出?当然，两 者都有。每个买家都有一个卖家，反之亦然。我们真正想知道的是谁 更激进，谁在控制，是买家还是卖家? AVWAP  的方向和斜率使我们 能够轻松准确地回答这个问题。
AVWAP允许我们量化在任何时间点上谁拥有控制权，是买方还是卖方。
图2.12展示了如何通过AVWAP  的斜率来确定方向性偏好。AVWAP  的斜 率(更高或更低)显示
whether the dollar average paid per share for the period studied is rising or declining.When the slope rises,buyers are in control from the anchor  point.When the direction of the AVWAP is lower,we know sellers are in    control from the anchor point.
The direction and rate of change of the AVWAP is often more important  than simply being above or below it. The steeper the slope of AVWAP,the more aggressive the trend and higher the likelihood the AVWAP will act as Support on pullbacks and the stock will experience a bounce.The AVWAP  can be the reason Support is found as sellers become less aggressive and
buyers place bids closer to “fair value.”The AVWAP becomes and reinforces Support levels.The reverse of this takes place when the trend is in the
other direction;the AVWAP becomes and reinforces Resistance levels as sellers become more aggressive relative to buyers.We see this below in chart 2.12.
该时期每股平均支付美元是否在上升或下降。当斜率上升时，从锚  点开始买方处于控制地位。当AVWAP   的方向较低时，我们知道卖 方从锚点开始处于控制地位。
AVWAP 的方向和变化率通常比仅仅高于或低于它更重要。
AVWAP   的斜率越陡峭，趋势就越激进，AVWAP   作为回调支撑的可 能性就越高，股票也更有可能反弹。AVWAP  可以成为支撑的原因， 因为卖方变得不那么激进，买方在“公允价值”附近挂出买单。
AVWAP   变成并强化支撑位。当趋势向相反方向发展时，情况则相反； 随着卖方相对于买方变得更为激进，AVWAP   变成并强化阻力位。我   们在图2.12中看到这一点。
Telegram:@Gr
1-Below  the  downward  sloping
AVWAP,sellers are in control.
洲2-The  neutral  periods are  represented by a flat AVWAP.
洲
3-Above the upward sloping AVWAP, the buyers are in control.
幽   此
                                                                        3
12
1
80
Chart 2.12 Always be aware of the location of price in relation to the direction and  slope
of AVWAP.Chart:TC2000.com
As the slope ofthe AVWAP flattens out,it shows that there is greater
market acceptance of the value and the market likely needs more time(and perhaps a price shakeout)before the original trend resumes.
When a flat AVWAP gets tested more frequently,it is more likely to flip from Support to Resistance and Resistance to Support.The goal is to use that
information to identify low risk,high probability trades.
Rising AVWAP
A stock with a rising AVWAP shows that buyers are more aggressive than    sellers during the timeframe in question.The market must rotate to higher
1-在向下倾斜的下方
AVWAP,      卖方占据主导地位。
2-中性时期用
一条平直的AVWAP表示。
3-在向上倾斜的AVWAP 上方， iil! 买方掌控局面。
唯 叫i"il iMuWif_,a
唯 叫
3
12
1
B0
图表2 . 12始终注意价格相对于方向和斜率的位置
AVWAP的。图表：TC2000.com
当 AVWAP 的斜率变平时，这表明市场对价值的接受度更高，市场 可能需要更多时间(并且可能需要价格洗盘)才能恢复原始趋势。
当平坦的AVWAP被频繁测试时，它更有可能从支撑位转变为阻力位，以及  从阻力位转变为支撑位。目标是利用这些信息来识别低风险、高概率的交易。
上升的AVWAP
一 支AVWAP   上升的股票表明，在所讨论的时间范围内，买方的态度比卖方 更积极。市场必须转向更高
prices in search ofliquidity(supply)to satisfy the quantity of buy orders
(demand).In Chart 2.13 we set the anchor to the gap on the 27th on this 65- minute timeframe(1).Notice how the AVWAP provided support(green
arrows)as buyers stepped up their purchases near the AVWAP on the pullbacks in its uptrend.
0
210020
2100
gram:
31900
317.00
314.00 31288 019.00
27    2 1 1 1 4            M           t M         2
Chart 2.13 The rising AVWAP often acts as Support in an uptrend.Chart:TC2000.com
Chart 2.14 emphasizes why one should not automatically change from bullish to bearish on a short-term break ofthe VWAP/AVWAP.
As evidence that the market is reversing an advance,the direction of the
VWAP will typically flatten out,prices will cross below,get trapped under the VWAP,and then decline.Earlier in the day,or during whatever the
timeframe being studied,the slope of the VWAP is typically at its most
extreme level because the number of data periods being averagedis lower.
价格在寻求流动性(供应)以满足买入订单(需求)的数量。在图  2.13中，我们将锚点设置为65分钟时间框架(1)上的27日缺口。请 注意，在AVWAP的上升趋势回调中，买家在AVWAP附近加大购买 时 ，AVWAP  提供了支撑(绿色箭头)。
图2.13上升的AVWAP 常常在上升趋势中充当支撑。图：TC2000.com
图2.14强调了为什么不应该自动从
从看涨转为看跌，在VWAP/AVWAP   的短期突破时。
作为市场正在逆转上涨的证据，VWAP  的方向通常会趋于平缓，价格 会跌破，被困在VWAP下方，然后下跌。在一天中的较早时候，或者 在研究的任何时间段内，VWAP  的斜率通常是其最极端的水平，因为 被平均的数据周期数量较低。
As the day progresses,and each transaction has less impact on the average, it is natural to see the slope of the VWAP become less pronounced.
21.9021.8021.7021.6021.4921.4021.30 21.20 21.10 21.0020.9020.8020.7020.6020.5020.4020.3020.2020.1020.0019.9019.8019.70Telegram:It is not unusual for a strongstock to briefly dip below therising VWAP before buyers regain control.
21.90
21.80
21.70
21.60
21.49
21.40
21.30 21.20 21.10 21.00
20.90
20.80
20.70
20.60
20.50
20.40
20.30
20.20
20.10
20.00
19.90
19.80
19.70
Telegram:
It is not unusual for a strong
stock to briefly dip below the
rising VWAP before buyers regain control.
4p   10a          113                  12p            1p           2p            3p
Chart 2.14 When the direction of the daily VWAP is higher,be careful not to get bearish
on the  first  cross  of price  below.Chart:TC2000.com
随着一天时间的推移，并且每一笔交易对平均值的影响越来越小，看到 VWAP  的斜率变得不那么明显是自然的。
Itis not unusual forastrongstock to briefly dip below the-25. rising VWAP before buyers重新获得控制权。20.00 19.50  19.209.7021.9021.80 21.7021.6021.4921.4021.3021.2021.1021,0020.9020.8020.7020,6020.204m
Itis not unusual forastrong
stock to briefly dip below the-25. rising VWAP before buyers
重新获得控制权。
20.00 19.50  19.20
9.70
21.90
21.80 21.70
21.60
21.49
21.40
21.30
21.20
21.10
21,00
20.90
20.80
20.70
20,60
20.20
4m
4pWa
图2.14当每日VWAP 的方向较高时，小心不要在价格首次低于时看空。图：
TC2000.com
GENERAL NOTE:All moving averages should be used as a reference point  to compare price trends.They should not be considered as automatic levels to do business when they are touched,but as a reason to observe the price  action on a shorter-term timeframe,where we formulate a plan.We
generally give the benefit of doubt to buyers when the 50-DMA trend is higher,and to sellers when the slope is lower.
Takeaways on Rising AVWAP:
·When  the  direction  of  the  AVWAP  is  trending  higher,we  should have a long bias and avoid new short positions.
·The  increase  in  price  shows  on  the  chart  as  a  bullish  trend  above the rising AVWAP.Consider these  stocks  innocent until proven    guilty  during  the  timeframe  that  this  occurs.
·Buyers  should  seek  opportunities  to  buy  after  pullbacks  toward   the AVWAP,but first wait for evidence of actual support.If there is,then prices will likely rise and we have a logical place for our  stop.
·The first one or two touches of an important AVWAP are more likely to experience a strong bounce.This tendency occurs as
sidelined buyers,who thought they missed the move,rush in to purchase shares.
·    As the life of the trend stretches out,the bounces occur with less enthusiasm,which raises our level of caution and our defensive
posture.When a bounce is less vigorous it's because buyers are a  less motivated source of demand;thus,the trend more vulnerable to failure.
通用说明：所有移动平均线都应作为比较价格趋势的参考点。当它们   被触及时，不应将其视为进行交易的自动水平，而应将其视为观察短； 期时间框架内价格行为的理由，我们在此制定计划。当50日移动平均   线趋势较高时，我们通常对买家持有利态度，而当斜率较低时，我们   对卖家持有利态度。
关于上升AVWAP   的要点：
当AVWAP  的方向呈上升趋势时，我们应该持有多头倾向，并避
免建立新的空头头寸。
价格上涨在图表上表现为在上升的AVWAP  上方的看涨趋势。在 发生这种情况的时间框架内，应考虑这些股票是无辜的，直到被 证明有罪。
买家应寻求机会，在回调至AVWAP时买入，但首先等待实际支撑的证 据。如果存在，那么价格可能会上涨，我们就有了一个合理的止损位。
重要AVWAP 的前一两个触碰更有可能经历强劲的反弹。
这种倾向发生时，原本认为错过了行情的旁观买家会急于 购买股票。
随着趋势生命的延伸，反弹的发生变得不再那么热情，这提高了  我们的警惕水平并加强了我们的防御姿态。当反弹不那么强烈时， 是因为买家是需求的一个不那么有动力的来源；因此，趋势更容  易失败。
·As with any level of Support,the more times and more frequently Support gets tested without a bounce away from the AVWAP,the more likely it is to fail in the near-term.
Declining  AVWAP
When a stock is below a declining AVWAP,it tells us that sellers are more
motivated than buyers.Transactions occur at lower prices,which show on a chart as a bearish trend,below the declining AVWAP.
In a decline,the market does not accept the supply at current levels,so
prices fall to levels where there is sufficient demand to absorb the supply. When the AVWAP is in a downtrend,the stance to take is a short bias and   use caution on open long positions.Consider these stocks guilty until
proven innocent on the timeframe where this occurs.
Ifyou have a long position that you want to get out of,rallies up to the
AVWAP are often an excellent point to exit before the stock heads back
lower.Ifyou want to enter a short position,you can start new positions as prices fall away from the declining AVWAP,with a stop above the most
recent and relevant lower-high for your timeframe.
Chart 2.15 shows how sellers will provide Resistance at a declining AVWAP. We set the initial anchor to the start of the large move lower,which began   near $60 per share(1).Notice how the sellers showed up on the touches of  the AVWAP(red arrows at 3,5,7,and9)as the prices continued their
decline.Sellers have picked up momentum after tests ofthe AVWAP from $60(1).
When prices fall away from the declining AVWAP,we sell short(green
circles)in expectation that the trend will continue lower.If the stock
reverses back up through the AVWAP,we want to have a stop in place to
4与任何级别的支撑位一样，支撑位在未经反弹地远离AVWAP  时 被测试的次数越多、越频繁，它在短期内失败的可能性就越大。
下降的AVWAP
当股票低于下降的AVWAP时，它告诉我们卖方比买方更有动力。交易发生 在较低的价格，这在图表上表现为下降的AVWAP下方的看跌趋势。
在下跌中，市场不接受当前水平的供应，因此价格会跌至有足够需  求吸收供应的水平。当AVWAP 处于下跌趋势时，应采取看空倾向， 并对开多头头寸保持谨慎。在这些时间段内，应考虑这些股票有罪， 直到被证明无罪。
如果你有一个想平仓的多头头寸，价格上涨至AVWAP  通常是平仓 前的绝佳点位，以避免股票再次下跌。如果你想开空仓，可以在价 格远离下降的AVWAP时开新仓位，止损位设在你时间框架内最新 的相关更低高点之上。
图表2.15显示了卖方在下降的AVWAP  处提供阻力的情况。我
们将初始锚点设在大幅下跌的开始处，即每股60美元附近(1)。
注意，当价格继续下跌时，卖方在AVWAP  的触碰点(红色箭 头在3、5、7和9处)出现。卖方在从60美元(1)测试
AVWAP   后获得了动力。
当价格远离下降的AVWAP 时，我们做空(绿色圆圈),预期趋势将继续 下跌。如果股票通过AVWAP反转回升，我们希望在此时设置一个止损位 以
minimize any loss.This stop is placed above the recent lower-high,
represented  with  red  arrows(3,5,7,9).For  instance,ifwe  sell(2)our  stop wouldgo above the previous high(3),and so on as the stock continues its decline.
It is common for large institutions to set multi-week AVWAP programs at
the start of an event.Those programs become more aggressive as prices
approach the AVWAP from the start of the event and provide overwhelming supply which forms resistance.
The slope and rate of change of AVWAP tellsus how aggressive the sellers are.3579246848.00 47.50 47.0046.50 045.50 45.00 44.50 44.00 43.50 43.00 42.50 42.00!                                  15                                       22                             2960.00 59.5059.00 58.5058.00 57.5057,00 56.50 56.00 55.50 55.00 54.50 54.00 53.50 53.00 52.5052.00 51.50 5100  50.50 50.00 49.50 49.00φ1
The slope and rate of change of AVWAP tells
us how aggressive the sellers are.
3
5
7
9
2
4
6
8
48.00 47.50 47.00
46.50 0
45.50 45.00 44.50 44.00 43.50 43.00 42.50 42.00
!                                  15                                       22                             29
60.00 59.50
59.00 58.50
58.00 57.50
57,00 56.50 56.00 55.50 55.00 54.50 54.00 53.50 53.00 52.50
52.00 51.50 5100  50.50 50.00 49.50 49.00
φ
1
Chart 2.15 shows approximately one-month of data using 65-minute candles.Chart:
TC2000.com
最小化任何损失。这个止损位设置在最近的较低高点之上，用红色箭头  (3,5,7,9)表示。例如，如果我们做空(2),止损位会设置在之前的最 高点(3)之上，以此类推，随着股票继续下跌。
大型机构在活动开始时通常会设置多周的AVWAP  计划。当价格从活 动开始时接近AVWAP 时，这些计划会变得更加激进，并提供过剩的 供应，从而形成阻力。
AVWAP的斜率和变化率告诉我们 卖方的侵略性有多强。579246848.00 47.5046.50 46.00 45.50 45.00 44.50 44.00 43.50 43.00 42.50 42.0060.00 59.50 59.00 58.5058.00 57.50 57.0056.50 56.0055.00 54.5054.00 53.5052.50 52.00 51.50 5100  50.50 50.00 49.50 49.00φ31
AVWAP的斜率和变化率告诉我们 卖方的侵略性有多强。
5
7
9
2
4
6
8
48.00 47.50
46.50 46.00 45.50 45.00 44.50 44.00 43.50 43.00 42.50 42.00
60.00 59.50 59.00 58.50
58.00 57.50 57.00
56.50 56.00
55.00 54.50
54.00 53.50
52.50 52.00 51.50 5100  50.50 50.00 49.50 49.00
φ
3
1
图表2.15显示了使用65分钟蜡烛的大约一个月的数据。图表：TC2000.com
The daily VWAP is shown on Chart 2.16.When the direction of the VWAP is lower,be  careful  not  to  get  bullish  on  the  first  crossing  of  price  above  the
VWAP(blue  circle).For  the  market  to  reverse  a  decline,the  direction  ofthe VWAP  will  first  flatten  out,prices  will  cross  above  and  then  stay  above  the   VWAP.
Takeaways on Declining AVWAP
·When  the  direction  of  the  AVWAP  is  lower,we   should  have  a  bias toward  short  positions   and  avoid  new   long  positions.
·The  decrease  in  prices  appears  on  the  chart  as  a  bearish  trend below  the   declining  AVWAP.Consider  these   stocks   guilty  until proven  innocent  on  the  timeframe  this  occurs.
·Short   sellers   should   seek   opportunities   to   sell   after   the   price rallies  up  to  the  AVWAP,finds  Resistance  and  then  falls.
·The  first  one  or  two  touches  ofan  important  AVWAP  are  more likely  to  experience  a  quick  selloff  which  makes  them  great
candidates  for  a  short  sale.
·As  the  life  of  the  trend   stretches  out,the  declines  occur  with  less   vigor,which  raises  our  level  of  caution  and  our  defensive  posture towards   new   short   sales.
·As  with  any  level  of  Resistance,the   more  times  and  more
frequently  Resistance  gets  tested  without  a  decline  in  price,the more  likely  it  is to  fail  in the near term.
每日VWAP  显示在图表2.16中。当VWAP  的方向较低时，小心不要在价 格首次穿越VWAP   (蓝色圆圈)时变得看涨。要让市场逆转下跌，
VWAP  的方向首先会趋于平缓，价格会穿越VWAP  然后保持在VWAP   上 方。
AVWAP   下降的要点
当AVWAP的方向较低时，我们应该倾向于做空头仓位，并避免 建立新的多头仓位。
价格下降在图表上表现为下降的AVWAP  下方的看跌趋势。在这
些时间段内，考虑将这些股票视为有罪，直到被证明无罪。
空头卖家应在价格上涨至AVWAP、  找到阻力位然后下跌后 寻找卖出机会。
重要的AVWAP  的前一两个触碰更有可能经历快速抛售， 这使得它们成为空头卖出的理想候选。
随着趋势的持续延长，下降的力度减弱，这提高了我们的警惕水 平，并增强了我们对新的空头卖出的防御姿态。
与任何级别的阻力一样，阻力在不导致价格下跌的情况下   被测试的次数越多、越频繁，它近期失败的可能性就越大。
It is common for a stock in adowntrend to briefly poke upthrough the declining VWAP before  the  selling   resumes.11a              12n                        1a                      2n                3n107.00106.50106.00 105.50105.00 104.50 104.00 103.50103.00102.50102.00101.50 101.00 100.50100.0099.5099.0098.5098.0097.5097.0096.5096.0095.5095.0094.50  94:00 93.3993.004n     10a
It is common for a stock in a
downtrend to briefly poke up
through the declining VWAP before  the  selling   resumes.
11a              12n                        1a                      2n                3n
107.00
106.50
106.00 105.50
105.00 104.50 104.00 103.50
103.00
102.50
102.00
101.50 101.00 100.50
100.00
99.50
99.00
98.50
98.00
97.50
97.00
96.50
96.00
95.50
95.00
94.50  94:00 93.39
93.00
4n     10a
Chart 2.162-minute timeframe chart of a stock for one day.Be careful not to get bullish on   the   first   cross   of   VWAP   or   AVWAP.Chart:TC2000.com
Oscillate Above and Below AVWAP
When you observe a flat AVWAP with prices crossing above and below it,my advice is to avoid the stock on that timeframe.This action is neutral and
there is no edge in being long or short.
Rather than  complain  about  choppy  action  or  lack  of opportunity,we should interpret the message of the market as meaning one of three
things to us;cash is a good position for now,find another market or
It is common for a stock ina下跌趋势短暂上探   穿过下降的VWAP      在卖盘重新开始之前。g7.9097.0066996.005.9g5.004.9094.00(3339) 93.00II               ■107.00 10650  106.00  10550  105.00103.50 103.00102.50 102.00101.50101.00 00.50   100.0099.50 g9.0098.50 00
It is common for a stock ina
下跌趋势短暂上探   穿过下降的VWAP      在卖盘重新开始之前。
g7.90
97.00
669
96.00
5.9
g5.00
4.90
94.00
(3339) 93.00
II               ■
107.00 10650  106.00  10550  105.00
103.50 103.00
102.50 102.00
101.50
101.00 00.50   100.00
99.50 g9.00
98.50 00
图2.16一天内某股票的2分钟时间框架图表。注意不要在第一次穿越VWAP 或AVWAP 时 变得看涨。图表： TC2000.com
在AVWAP   上下波动
当 你 观 察 到 一 条 平 坦 的AVWAP,        并 且 价 格 在 其 上 下 穿 越 时 ， 我 的 建 议 是 避
免在该时间周期内交易该股票 。 这种操作是中性的 ， 做多或做空都没有优势 。
与其抱怨动作不连贯或缺乏机会，我们应该将市场的信息解读为对 我们意味着三种可能之一：现金是目前一个好的位置，寻找另一个 市场或
stock  to  trade,or  switch  to  a  different  timeframe  to  find  a  better opportunity   to   get   involved.
It  is  good  to  recognize  these   stocks.The  lack  of  current  opportunity  frees   up  our  time  to   focus  on  more   actionable  setups.Chart  2.17   shows  multiple crosses  above  and below the AVWAP.
57.2557.0056.7556.5056.2556.0055.751555055.2555.0054,7554.5054.2554.00Teli gram
57.25
57.00
56.75
56.50
56.25
56.00
55.75
15550
55.25
55.00
54,75
54.50
54.25
54.00
Teli gram
Chart 2.17 Crosses above and below AVWAP represent indecision.Chart:TC2000.com
In Chart 2.17 we anchored the AVWAP to an important low(1)on the stock
above.Initially,the   buyers    regained   control(2),but    as    the   stock    traded
above  and  below  the  AVWAP(3).The  stock  needed  more  time  to  let  the
buyers and sellers battle it out for control.Trend traders should avoid these
stocks  until  there  is  greater  clarity  of  who  has  control.
股票来交易，或者切换到不同的时间周期以找到更好的参与机 会 。
识别这些股票是好事。当前机会的缺乏让我们有时间专注于更具操 作性的设置。图2. 17显示了多个在AVWAP   之上和之下的交叉。
57.2557.0056.7556.5056.2556.0055.751555055.2555.0054.7554.5054.2554.001                    1          1          1         1          1Tellgr1
57.25
57.00
56.75
56.50
56.25
56.00
55.75
15550
55.25
55.00
54.75
54.50
54.25
54.00
1                    1          1          1         1          1
Tell
gr
1
图2.17 AVWAP  之上和之下的交叉代表犹豫不决。图：TC2000.com
在图2.17中，我们将AVWAP  锚定在上方股票的 一个重要低点(1)上。 最初，买方重新获得控制权(2),但随着股票在AVWAP  上下交易
(3)。股票需要更多时间让买方和卖方为控制权展开争夺。趋势交 易者应避免这些股票，直到谁的控制权更加明确。
Once again,it is important to realize that these concepts are the same for stocks of all prices and on all timeframes.Do not focus on the price or the  specific timeframe on any of the charts shown.
Market    Psychology:Institutions'
Role
For an institutional trader who wants to buy a large amount of a stock in an uptrend,it makes sense to place bids for the stock as it pulls back down to   AVWAP since it is an opportunity for them to scoop up shares at the “fair
value”relative to the open and the price they might expect it to close.
Risk Management
When we anticipate a level of interest which has the potential to become    Support or Resistance,it becomes ourjob to observe that area on a shorter timeframe for evidence of whether it is the buyers or sellers that are
gaining  control.
The lowest risk-trades are the ones where we have a clear plan in advance. A clear plan anticipates an area of transition where we observe the action   on a shorter-term timeframe before we get involved.Some of the most
common trade mistakes occur from reactive FOMO decisions.
同样重要的是要认识到，这些概念对所有价格和所有时间框架的股 票都是相同的。不要关注任何图表中显示的价格或特定时间框架。
市场心理：机构的作用
对于希望在上升趋势中买入大量股票的机构交易者来说，当股票回调 至AVWAP  时出价是有道理的，因为这是他们以相对于开盘价和可能 预期的收盘价而言的“公允价值”扫货股票的机会。
风险管理
当我们预期一个可能成为支撑位或阻力位的兴趣水平时，我们的任 务是在较短的时间框架内观察该区域，以判断是买方还是卖方正在 获得控制权。
风险最低的交易是我们提前有一个清晰的计划。一个清晰的计划预见  了一个过渡区域，我们在参与之前在该较短的时间框架内观察到行动。 一些最常见的交易错误来自于反应性的 FOMO  决策。
KEY TAKEAWAYS·The   concepts   of  Support   and   Resistance   apply   to   all timeframes.·   AVWAPs can reveal order in the market that traditional technical analysis tools cannot.·The simplest and most effective use of the AVWAP is to find “hidden”levels of Support and Resistance.·Unlike   the   more    common   Support    and   Resistance   levels which are seen as horizontal price consolidations,theSupport  and  Resistance  levels  of  an  AVWAP  are  dynamic. They adjust with each trade.·AVWAP allows us to quantify who has control from any point,buyers or sellers.·The slope ofthe AVWAP easily identifies directionalmomentum.When it rises,buyers are in control from the start   of   the    anchor.Conversely,if   the    slope   falls,sellers   are  in  control  from  the   start  of  the  anchor.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
·The   concepts   of  Support   and   Resistance   apply   to   all timeframes.
·   AVWAPs can reveal order in the market that traditional technical analysis tools cannot.
·The simplest and most effective use of the AVWAP is to find “hidden”levels of Support and Resistance.
·Unlike   the   more    common   Support    and   Resistance   levels which are seen as horizontal price consolidations,the
Support  and  Resistance  levels  of  an  AVWAP  are  dynamic. They adjust with each trade.
·AVWAP allows us to quantify who has control from any point,buyers or sellers.
·The slope ofthe AVWAP easily identifies directional
momentum.When it rises,buyers are in control from the start   of   the    anchor.Conversely,if   the    slope   falls,sellers   are  in  control  from  the   start  of  the  anchor.
关键要点
支撑和阻力概念适用于所有时间框架。
AVWAPs  可以揭示传统技术分析工具无法发现的市场秩序。
AVWAP   最简单且最有效的使用方法是找到“隐藏”的 支撑位和阻力位。
与常见的支撑位和阻力位(被视为水平价格盘整)不同， AVWAP  的支撑位和阻力位是动态的。它们会随着每一  笔交易进行调整。
AVWAP   允许我们从任何时点量化谁占据控制权，是买 方还是卖方。
AVWAP 的斜率可以轻松识别方向性动量。当它上升时， 买方从锚点开始就占据主导地位。相反，如果斜率下降， 卖方从锚点开始就占据主导地位。
·Support and Resistance areas have a self-reinforcing  role,which makes the psychology of the participants' motivations important to understand.·We   only    know    Support    and   Resistance    levels    in   hindsight. They are “levels of interest”until confirmed bysubsequent price action.·Don't buy the dip,buy strength after the dip.
·Support and Resistance areas have a self-reinforcing  role,which makes the psychology of the participants' motivations important to understand.
·We   only    know    Support    and   Resistance    levels    in   hindsight. They are “levels of interest”until confirmed by
subsequent price action.
·Don't buy the dip,buy strength after the dip.
Telegram:@G                          ot
*支撑位和阻力位具有自我强化的作用，这使得理解参与者 动机的心理非常重要。我们只能在事后才知道支撑位和阻力位。它们是“兴趣位”,直 到被后续的价格行动确认。*不要买入低谷，在低谷后买入力量。
*支撑位和阻力位具有自我强化的作用，这使得理解参与者 动机的心理非常重要。
我们只能在事后才知道支撑位和阻力位。它们是“兴趣位”,直 到被后续的价格行动确认。
*不要买入低谷，在低谷后买入力量。
Telegram:   @Gro                Bot
CHAPTER 3
AVWAP ENTRY AND
EXIT TECHNIQUES
“You've got to know when to hold'em,
know when to fold’em,Know when to walk
away,and know when to run.”
—Kenny Rogers
Chapter   Objectives
1.Understand  two   options  for  entry:
a.Option A-buy the touch of AVWAP
b.Option B-buy strength or sell short after the touch (momentum)
2.How to decide which entry is correct for you
3.Understand how  Support becomes  Resistance  and vice-versa
4.Understand Support and Resistance failures and how to trade on  these  reversals
第三章
AVWAP   入场和出 场技术
“你必须知道何时该坚持，何时该放弃， 知道何时该离开，知道何时该逃跑。”
-Kenny Rogers
章节目标
1. 了解两种入场选项：
a. 选项A-买入AVWAP  的触碰
b. 选项B-在触碰后买入力量或卖空 (momentum)
2. 如何决定哪个条目适合您
3. 了解支撑位如何变成阻力位以及反之亦然
4. 了解支撑位和阻力位的失败情况以及如何交易 在这些反转中
T    raders should use the AVWAP's ability to identify levels of Support or
I   Resistance to their advantage.One way to do that is to wait for a test of
an AVWAP level and to purchase the stock on the first touch ofthe AVWAP  and hope that it holds.The other option is to observe the action around the AVWAP and treat it as a "level ofinterest"on a shorter timeframe.
If your choice is to observe,the next step is to wait for evidence that the
buyers are serious about their actions and will defend AVWAP.Once it is
clear the stock has found Support or Resistance at the AVWAP,we can
enter the stock and place a stop.Now we will explore both options in more detail.
Option  A:Buy  the  Touch
Purchase(or sell short)just as the stock touches AVWAP.This is not my
preference as Iam more risk averse and there is no assurance the stock will bounce from the AVWAP.
Paul Levine,PhD was a pioneer in AVWAP analysis and gave the term
“porosity”to describe how AVWAPs are general areas,not precise
numbers.That said,there are times when a stock will touch the AVWAP to the penny and reverse immediately.
When a stock is far beyond the AVWAP(Point 2 in Chart 3.1),I view this
intuitively,while others may use standard deviation bands.Chart 3.0 shows the AVWAP as well as standard deviation bands.
交易者应利用 AVWAP   的识别支撑位或阻力位的能力。一种方 法是为AVWAP 水平的测试等待，并在AVWAP  首次触及时购买股 票，希望它能保持。另一个选项是观察AVWAP   周围的走势，并将  其视为较短时间框架内的“兴趣位”。
如果你选择观察，下一步是等待证据表明买家认真对待他们的行动  并将捍卫AVWAP 。一旦明确股票在AVWAP 处找到了支撑位或阻 力位，我们就可以进入股票并放置一个止损。现在我们将更详细地  探讨这两种选择。
选项A:   买入触碰
在股票触碰 AVWAP 时买入(或做空)。这不是我的首选，因为我更 厌恶风险，而且没有保证股票会从AVWAP   反弹。
Paul       Levine,PhD是 AVWAP  分析的先驱，并将“渗透性”一词 用于描述AVWAP 是一般区域而非精确数字。话说回来，有时股票 会精确地触碰AVWAP 并立即反转。
当一只股票远远偏离AVWAP(图表3.1中的点2)时，我直观地看待这种情  况，而其他人可能会使用标准差带。图表3.0显示了AVWAP  以及标准差带。
Chart 3.0 This stock shows the standard AVWAP(purple)along with a 2 standard
deviation band ofthe AVWAP.Chart:ThinkorSwim.com
As always,any trade setup is more likely to be successful when trends are aligned with longer timeframes of the stock and the trend of the overall
market.If you buy at each touch of AVWAP,it is sometimes possible to
purchase  at the  exact turning point,but you run  the risk the  stock may
continue lower(Point 4 in Chart 3.1).If the stock does not bounce from the AVWAP,it's difficult to find a price-based level for your stop because there is often a lack of a lower-high nearby to place the stop under.
The stock in Chart 3.1 made an important near-term low on October 24th (1).That  is  where  we  set  our  anchor.Note,that  large  distance  between
price and the AVWAP(2).When prices extend far from the AVWAP,new purchases  are  considered  to  be  riskier.
On November 2,the stock pulled back to the AVWAP(3)from that low and bounced precisely from that level.Two days later,the  stock came back to  the AVWAP(4)and this time failed to bounce.
图表3.0此股票显示了标准的AVWAP (紫色)以及AVWAP的2个标准差带。 图表：ThinkorSwim.com
一如既往，当趋势与股票的较长时间周期以及整体市场的趋势一致  时，任何交易设置更有可能成功。如果你在每次AVWAP 触碰时买  入，有时有可能在精确的转折点买入，但你有风险股票可能会继续  下跌(图表3. 1中的点4)。如果股票没有从AVWEAP  反弹，很难找 到一个基于价格的水平来设置你的止损，因为附近通常缺乏一个较  低的高点来放置止损。
图表3. 1中的股票在10月24日(1)做出了一个重要的短期低点。 这就是我们设置锚点的地方。注意，价格和AVWAP   之间的大距   离(2)。当价格远离AVWAP   时，新的购买被认为风险更大。
在11月2日，股票从那个低点回落至AVWAP(3),     并精确地从那个水平
反弹。两天后，股票回到AVWAP(4),     但这次未能反弹。
Chart 3.1 Not all pullbacks to AVWAP can be expected to bounce.Chart:TC2000.com
This example shows one instance where the trader would have made
money immediately ifhe purchased the touch ofthe AVWAP(3).It also  shows where the stock continued to decline through the AVWAP,which would have resulted in a loss(4).
AVWAP levels are not always an automatic place to do business and you    must decide through trial and error if you prefer to buy the touch or wait for the stock to bounce from the AVWAP before you make a purchase.I     cover this at length in Chapter 7,"Buy Pullbacks and Breakouts?"
The stock in Chart 3.2 continued in its uptrend from the early February    anchor point,but the purchases right at the AVWAP(green arrows)from the  low  didn't  all  immediately  result  in  a  gain.
350.00348.00346.00344.00 342.00  340.0032期336.003                                                    334.00332.00330.00328.00326.00324.00322.00320.00318.001- 锚到重要低点 .■            1                         I              I图表3.1并非所有'回调至AVWAP  '都能反弹。图表：Te2000.com
350.00
348.00
346.00
344.00 342.00  340.00
32期
336.00
3                                                    334.00
332.00
330.00
328.00
326.00
324.00
322.00
320.00
318.00
1- 锚到重要低点 .
■            1                         I              I
图表3.1并非所有'回调至AVWAP  '都能反弹。图表：Te2000.com
这个例子展示了一个交易者如果在AVWAP(3)     时买入，会立即获利  的情况。它还展示了股票继续通过AVWAP   下跌的情况，这会导致亏损 (4)。
AVWAP 水平并非总是自动的买卖点，你必须通过反复试验来决定是 买入触碰还是等待股票从AVWAP  反弹后再进行购买。我们将在第 7章，“买入回调和突破?”中详细讨论这一点
图表3.2中的股票从2月初的锚点继续上涨趋势，但在AVWAP  (绿 色箭头)处的低点买入并未全部立即获利。
“39.005637.0036.0035.0034.0033.00320031.0030.0029.0028.0027.0026.00312(green   arrows)?    Anchor  to  important  lowWait for bounces away fromAVWAP(green   dots)to   buy?Or buy touches of AVWAPfrh
“39.00
56
37.00
36.00
35.00
34.00
33.00
3200
31.00
30.00
29.00
28.00
27.00
26.00
31
2
(green   arrows)?    Anchor  to  important  low
Wait for bounces away from
AVWAP(green   dots)to   buy?
Or buy touches of AVWAP
frh
Chart 3.2 Not all touches ofthe AVWAP will result in an immediate bounce.Chart:[
TC2000.com
It can be better to purchase when the stock rises again(the bounce).The
green dots show these points.When we purchase with momentum,we take part as the new trend begins.We can place a stop below the preceding
higher-low,to protect us in the event that the price action does not follow through.A purchase right at the AVWAP touch does not allow us to have a consistent low-risk stop level,based on price action.
Option B:Enter with Momentum
Purchasing the stock after it tests the AVWAP and bounces away from it is the lower-risk entry.A short sale after a test of AVWAP followed by a
decline is the lower-risk short entry.In this type of set-up we have
evidence that buyers have defended the AVWAP successfully before we put
“39.006等  待  弹   回AVWAP    ( 绿 点 ) 买 入 ?320031.0030.00290028.0027.0026.00锚定重要低点，图表3.2-并非所有触碰AVWAP 都会弹回。图表：‘或买入触碰 AVWAP (绿箭头)?37.0036.0035.0034.0033.00
“39.00
6
等  待  弹   回
AVWAP    ( 绿 点 ) 买 入 ?
3200
31.00
30.00
2900
28.00
27.00
26.00
锚定重要低点，
图表3.2-并非所有触碰AVWAP 都会弹回。图表：
‘或买入触碰 AVWAP (绿箭头)?
37.00
36.00
35.00
34.00
33.00
TC2000.com
当股价再次上涨时(反弹)购买会更好。绿色圆点显示了这些点。当 我们有动量时购买，我们就会成为新趋势的开始。我们可以将止损设 置在之前的更高低点下方，以防价格行动没有如期发展。在
AVWAP触及时立即购买，无法让我们根据价格行动有一个一致的低 风险止损水平。
选项B: 有动量入场
在股票测试AVWAP 并反弹后买入是较低风险的入场方式。在测试
AVWAP  后卖出并下跌时做空是较低风险的做空入场。在这种设置中， 我们有证据表明买方在我们在{.….}之前成功捍卫了AVWAP。
our money  at risk.Momentum  is  on  our  side with these  entries,long  and short.
The AVWAP allows us to find exactly where and when the sellers are
overwhelmed  and  buyers  have  regained  control.This  type  ofentry  allows us to enter at the onset of new momentum  and easily define our risk.
Ilike to be right from the  start and enter a trade with momentum.Let
others jump  the  gun,do  the  "dirty  work,"and  take  the  larger  associated    risks  while  Support  forms.Ifyou  are  in  the  right  neighborhood,there  will still be plenty of opportunity for profit and with less risk.
Wait patiently for the signal(a general guideline would be 3-5 bars for the timeframe you are on)to enter so you have a level to trade against.We
want to  enter AFTER buyers  or  sellers have regained  control.Buy  strength after the  dip  and  short  weakness  after the rip.
我们的资金面临风险。在这些交易中，势头在我们这边，包括多头和空头。
AVWAP  使我们能够精确找到卖方被压倒而买方重新掌控市场的时机。
这种交易方式让我们能在新势头初现时入场，并轻松定义我们的风险。
我喜欢从一开始就做对，并带着势头入场交易。让其他人抢跑、做 “脏活”,并承担更大的相关风险，而支持位正在形成。如果你处 于正确的区域，仍然会有很多盈利机会，且风险更小。
耐心等待信号(一般建议您所在的时间段为3-5格)进入，以便您有 一个交易参考水平。我们希望在买家或卖家重新获得控制权之后才  入场。在回调后买入强势，在拉升后做空弱势。
am
Anchor to important highSell short the touchesof AVWAP(red  arrows)?Or wait for prices to drop away from AVWAP(green  dots)to  sell  short?
Anchor to important high
Sell short the touches
of AVWAP(red  arrows)?
Or wait for prices to drop away from AVWAP(green  dots)to  sell  short?
Chart 3.3 The lower-risk short entries occur after the AVWAP has been tested.Chart:
TC2000.com
In Chart 3.3,the stock made an important high in earlyJanuary.Once the  stock dropped for a few days,that high became the logical place to set our AVWAP(blue      arrow).
There were several touches ofthe AVWAP(red arrows)where the stock
could have been shorted with minimal initial loss and that makes it
tempting   to   short   at   the   AVWAP.With   the   benefit   of  hindsight,we   know
these trades would have been profitable,but at that moment,when these   trades might have been initiated,the momentum and stop placement price was not clear.That makes these entries risky.
The other option is to wait for the stock to drop away from the AVWAP and  short   as    the    downward   momentum    builds(green   dots).We    could    then   place
锚点到重要高做空触碰AVWAP   (红色箭头)?还是等待价格远离AVWAP   (绿色点)做空?
锚点到重要高
做空触碰
AVWAP   (红色箭头)?
还是等待价格远离
AVWAP   (绿色点)做空?
Teleqram
Vs        Bot
图表3.3'The lower-risk short éntries occurafterthe AVWAP has.been tested. 图表：
TC2000.com
在图表3.3.中，股票在1月初达到了一个重要的高点。一旦 股票下跌了几天，那个高点就成了我们设置
AVWAP  (蓝色箭头)。
AVWAP   (红色箭头)出现了几次触碰，股票可以在此做空且初始损 失最小，这使得在AVWAP时做空很有诱惑力。凭借后见之明，我们 知道这些交易将会盈利，但在那一刻，当这些交易可能被发起时，动 量和止损位置价格并不明确。这使得这些入场点有风险。
另一种选择是等待股票价格远离AVWAP,    并在下跌动能增强时(绿色点) 做空。然后我们可以放置
a  stop  above  the  preceding  high(red  arrows).
This  latter  entry  point  assures  the  stockis  moving  in  the  desired  direction before our entry.It also provides us with an easily identifiable level for our stop loss in case the stock reverses back higher.
In Chart 3.4 we can see how selling short as the stock touches AVWAP(red arrows)would  have  resulted  in  choppy  trading  or,worse,losses.
As noted,I prefer to start a short position as the stock drops away from the AVWAP(indicated by the green dots),where the downward momentum is
confirmed.Then we  can place  a  stop  above  the most recent relevant lower- high.When you set your stop level based on price action,it allows for
greater  certainty  and  confidence  in  the  trade  from  the  start.
在之前的最高价上方设置止损(红色箭头)。
这个后端入口确保股票在进入前朝着期望的方向移动。它还为我们提 供了一个易于识别的止损水平，以防股票反转回更高。
在图3.4中，我们可以看到当股票触及AVWAP   (红色箭头)时做空会如何 导致波动性交易，或者更糟，导致亏损。
如所注，我倾向于在股票从AVWAP   (由绿点指示)下方回落时开短 仓，此时下跌动能得到确认。然后我们可以在最新的相关较低-高点  上方设置止损。当你根据价格行为设置止损位时，从一开始就能让交 易具有更大的确定性和信心。
                   Telegram:@Grou
155.00Anchor from important high150.0C145.00140.00135.0C130.00125.00120.0C115.00110.00105.0Cam100.0C10                   4           11M478.72
155.00
Anchor from important high
150.0C
145.00
140.00
135.0C
130.00
125.00
120.0C
115.00
110.00
105.0C
am
100.0C
10                   4           11
M4
78.
72
Chart 3.4 When prices frequently cross above and below the AVWAP,it is difficult to
control the risk.Chart:TC2000.com
Which is Right for You?
There is no one right way for everything,only the right way for you.
Whether  you  decide  your  approach  is  to  buyjust  as  the  stock  touches  the   AVWAP,or  ifyou  wait  for  further  evidence  before  you  make  an  entry.Most people  will   gravitate  toward   one  or  the   other.You  might  have   a  natural
preference  about  the  entry  location,or  it  might  take  time  to  develop  your preference  as  you  try  both  methods.
155.00a锚点从重要高位150.0C145.00140.00135.0C130.00125.00120.00115.00110.00105.0C100.0CIlegram:I
155.00
a锚点从重要高位
150.0C
145.00
140.00
135.0C
130.00
125.00
120.00
115.00
110.00
105.0C
100.0C
I
legr
am:
I
图3.4当价格频繁在AVWAP上方和下方穿越时，控制风险很困难。图：
TC2000.com
哪种更适合您?
没有一种方法适用于所有情况，只有适合你的方法。无论你决定在  股票触及AVWEP  时立即买入，还是等待更多证据再入场。大多数人 会倾向于其中一种。你可能对入场位置有自然偏好，或者可能需要
尝试两种方法来培养你的偏好。
Some people might even prefer to take a hybrid approach where they start their position on the first touch ofthe AVWAP and then add to the position  after it proves to be momentum Support or Resistance.As always,do what   is right for you.Make the trade your own.
Market Psychology:Price Has Memory,so Use It
One of the basic tenets of the study of price history is that “broken support acts as resistance."The opposite is also true,"broken resistance acts as
support.”
Support Becomes Resistance
Have you ever purchased a stock,watched it decline in price and wish you could just get out at a breakeven?Me too.This type of buyer's remorse
shows up on a chart as Resistance.
When the stock rallies back to the purchase price and you place your sell
order,it adds supply,which becomes a block,however temporary,to the
price advancement.Obviously,one person's sale of stock won't typically
offer much Resistance.When sales occur at a widely recognized level(price memory)shared by many participants,such as a significant moving
average or average of AVWAP level,it becomes much harder for the stock to work through the large supply being offered before it can move higher.
Don't forget about  short  sellers here,too.When  Support breaks,short
sellers are in control of the stock and they will try to defend their short
position by adding more supply in hopes of not only adding to their short
position,but also to scare long holders to liquidate their positions in fear of larger losses,which benefits their short bet.
有些人甚至可能更喜欢采取混合策略，即在第一次触及AVWAP  时开 始建立仓位，然后在它证明是动量支撑或阻力后再加仓。一如既往， 做对你正确的事。让这笔交易成为你自己的。
市场心理：价格有记忆，所以 利用它
价格历史研究的基本原则之一是“跌破支撑位会形成阻力位”。反之亦然， “跌破阻力位会形成支撑位。”
支撑位变成阻力位
你有没有买过股票，看着它价格下跌，希望你能刚好在盈亏平衡点 卖出?我也是。这种买后懊悔的情绪在图表上表现为阻力位。
当股票回升到购买价格时，你下达卖出指令，这会增加供应量，从而  成为价格上涨的一个障碍，无论多么暂时。显然，一个人的股票卖出  通常不会提供太多阻力。当在许多参与者共同认可的水平(价格记忆) 上发生销售，例如一个重要的移动平均线或AVWAP 平均线时，它变  得非常困难，使得股票在上涨之前需要克服大量供应。
不要忘记这里的卖空者。当支撑位被跌破时，卖空者控制着股票，他 们会试图通过增加更多供应来捍卫他们的卖空头寸，希望不仅增加他 们的卖空头寸，而且吓跑多头持有者，让他们因担心更大的损失而平 仓，这对他们的卖空赌注有利。
Charts 3.5(left)and 3.6(right)show how AVWAP Support became Resistance.Chart:
TC2000.com
Notice that in Chart 3.5 there were no actual tests of the rising AVWAP.
This is an example ofa  "non-textbook example."We often give analysis of AVWAP,or  any  market  approach,an  improbable  expectation  of  success.In real trading,it isn't as perfect as some books would lead you to believe.
Remember,there is the science of analysis and the more difficult art of trading.
Chart 3.6 is a more straightforward example of how the AVWAP,which once provided    Support(green   arrows)became   Resistance(red   arrows).
图表3 . 5(左)和3 .6(右)显示了AVWAP  支撑位如何变成阻力位。图表来源：
TC2000.com
请注意，在图表3.5中，并没有对上升的AVWAP 进行实际测试。这  是一个“非教科书案例”的例子。我们经常对AVWAP 或任何市场方 法抱有不切实际的成功的期望。在真实交易中，它并不像一些书所
引导你相信的那样完美。记住，有分析的科学，还有更难掌握的交 易的艺术。
图3.6是一个更直接的例子，展示了AVWAP  如何从曾经提供支撑(绿色箭 头)变成阻力(红色箭头)。
3Anchor toAnchor tothe  lowthe  low
3
Anchor to
Anchor to
the  low
the  low
Chart 3.7 This stock demonstrates how Support(green arrows)when broken,turns to
Resistance(red arrows).This can occur on more than one instance on the same chart.
Chart:TC2000.com
In Chart 3.7,the AVWAP from the October low(blue arrow on left)showed    Support  twice(1)and(2)before  it  flipped  to  Resistance  in  early  January(3) and then  again in  early February(4).Ifyou  find me  on  Twitter  in  a  situation like this,you might hear me refer to points(3)and(4)as  “AVWAP  Tap  and   Crap"or “AVWAP Thump and Dump.”
When the green AVWAP is anchored from the January low(5),notice how the AVWAP acted as Resistance twice after the start of the decline:(6)in   early    February,and(7)in    mid-February.
We use price  charts to understand the  collective reasoning  and  psychology of market  participants  so  we  can  objectively  prepare  our  trade  plan.When
thdf; if pe
Nhl Pod
市
Anchor to
WAt
we  act1ow
he  low
图3.7-这支股票展示了当支撑位(绿色箭头)被突破时，如何转为 阻力位(红色箭头)。这可能在同一图表上出现多次。
图表：TC2000.com
在图3.7中，从10月份的低点(左侧蓝色箭头)开始的AVWAP 展示了 两次支撑(1)和(2),然后在一 月初(3)和二月初(4)转变为阻力。 如果你在推特上看到我处于这种情况，你可能会听到我称点(3)和(4) 为 “AVWAP   Tap   and   Crap” 或 “AVWAPThump       and       Dump”。
当绿色AVWAP 从1月份的低点(5)锚定后，请注意AVWAP 在下跌 开始后两次充当阻力位：2月初(6)和2月中(7)。
我们使用价格图表来理解市场参与者的集体推理和心理，以便我们能够 客观地制定交易计划。当
traditional Support breaks and then acts as Resistance,it means that there has been a greater number of participants anchored at that price level
which,in turn can lead to a larger opposite move when the price breaks.
When price breaks a major level of Support,the trapped longs will have a    propensity to get out at breakeven and as they sell shares,the supply from these participants helps to form Resistance.
Resistance Becomes Support
The same emotions come into play when a stock forms Support on a chart. Have you ever sold a stock after it has done nothing for months and then    see it almost immediately turn higher without you?It is as if“they”know   you are out and agree to take the stock higher without you.
Ofcourse this doesn't really happen,but you probably wish you could buy   your shares back at your original cost.As sellers start to take advantage of the rising price,causing the stock to pull back toward the breakout level,    you may decide to get back in.Others,with sidelined cash may also be
motivated tojoin in on what appears to be a new uptrend
传统支撑位被跌破后然后充当阻力位，这意味着在该价格水平上有更   多的参与者锚定，这反过来可能导致价格跌破时出现更大的反向波动。
当价格突破一个主要支撑位时，被困的多头将有倾向在盈亏平衡点出 局，而随着他们卖出股票，这些参与者的供应有助于形成阻力。
阻力变为支撑
当一只股票在图表上形成支撑位时，同样的情绪会发挥作用。你有没有在一  只股票几个月毫无动静后卖出，然后看到它几乎立即反转上涨而你没有参与? 就好像“他们”知道你出局了，并同意在没有你参与的情况下将股票推高。
当然，这并不会真的发生，但你可能希望你能以原始成本买回你的股 票。当卖家开始利用价格上涨的优势，导致股价回落至突破水平时， 你可能会决定重新入场。其他手头有闲置资金的人也可能被这看似新 的上升趋势所吸引。
nua700006959060030068006500630068660a65500645a564800650063036a2a615056300Support6500550590005M500M055aaa [um0Resistance500
nua
70000
69590
600
300
6800
6500
6300
68
660a
65500
645a5
64800
6500
6303
6a
2a
61505
6300
Support
6500
550
59000
5M500
M0
55a
aa [um
0
Resistance
500
Chart 3.8 shows traditional Support and Resistance.Chart:TC2000.com
Don't forget about those short sellers.Ifyou were shorting the stock and it breaks out,it may motivate you to purchase your stock on the pullback
before it begins a move higher.These short-covering purchases are strictly about limiting losses,which can quickly spiral out of control if the stock
follows through on the breakout.These actions,repeated by many buyers and sellers,form Support for a stock's price.
Charts 3.8 and 3.9 show traditional (horizontal)Resistance versus AVWAP Support and Resistance(with 3.8 as traditional and 3.9 as AVWAP).The
AVWAP provides dynamic evidence of Support and Resistance.
nua7000065009000300680065006300685660a65500645a564800650063056a2a61505630050065005505590005M500M0573   aas [usm01   1  I       I      ISupportResistanceI
nua
70000
6500
9000
300
6800
6500
6300
685
660a
65500
645a5
64800
6500
6305
6a
2a
61505
6300
500
6500
5505
59000
5M500
M0
573   aas [usm
0
1   1  I       I      I
Support
Resistance
I
图3.8显示了传统的支撑位和阻力位。图：TC2000.com
别忘了那些做空者。如果你做空了这只股票，并且它突破了，这可能 会激励你在回调开始之前以较低的价格买入股票。这些平仓买入严格 是为了限制损失，但如果股价在突破后继续上涨，这些损失可能会迅 速失控。许多买方和卖方的这些行为，形成了对股票价格的支持。
图表3.8和3.9显示了传统的(水平)阻力与AVWAP支撑和阻力(其中
3.8为传统，3.9为AVWAP) 。AVWAP 提供了支撑和阻力的动态证据。
3000650000025600PEAK850020902500270085000000AVWAP    RESISTANCE20002800SUPPORT25re286085002e0
3000
6500
000
25600
PEAK
8500
2090
2500
2700
8500
0000
AVWAP    RESISTANCE
2000
2800
SUPPORT
25
re
2860
8500
2e0
Chart 3.9 shows dynamic levels of Support and Resistance recognized with AVWAP
Chart:TC2000.com
Chart 3.8 shows what has been referredto as horizontal or traditional
Support(green)becoming    Resistance(red).Chart    3.9    shows    the    AVWAP
from  a  former  peak  becomes  support  after  the  stock  makes  it  back  up  above that prior resistance.
Both techniques of measuring Support and Resistance are valuable,but by  using  AVWAP,pricing  activity  is  revealed  to  be  more  granular  and  you  can   see subtle changes in trends.This makes it easier for you to more precisely time a purchase or sale.
315003000PEAK20025902000AVWAP   RESISTANCE286902690SUPPORTre2850020
31500
3000
PEAK
200
2590
2000
AVWAP   RESISTANCE
28690
2690
SUPPORT
re
28500
20
图3.9显示了使用AVWAP识别的动态支撑位和阻力位。图：TC2000.com
图3.8显示了所谓的水平或传统
支撑位(绿色)变为阻力位(红色)。图3.9显示了AVWAP
从之前的峰值变为支撑位，在股票回升到之前的阻力位之上之后 变为支撑位。
测量支撑和阻力的两种技术都有价值，但使用AVWAP时，价格活  动显示出更精细的粒度，你可以看到趋势中的微妙变化。这使得你更 容易更精确地把握买入或卖出的时机。
Chart 3.10 Illustration of how traditional Support becomes Resistance.
AVWAPRESISTANCEAVWAPSUPPORT7304254no47s
AVWAP
RESISTANCE
AVWAP
SUPPORT
730
425
4no
47s
图3.10说明了传统支撑位如何变成阻力位。
AVWAPRESISTANCEAVWAPSUPPORT7304254no47s
AVWAP
RESISTANCE
AVWAP
SUPPORT
730
425
4no
47s
Chart 3.11 The AVWAP that provided Support became Resistance soon after prices broke below the AVWAP.Charts:TC2000.com
Charts 3.10 and 3.11 also illustrate the differences of the two methods of finding levels of Support and Resistance.
Active traders who use traditional measures of Support would miss a
number of opportunities to buy or sell.For example,based on what you've read so far,can you see in Chart 3.11 where the two green arrows show
areas of interest for setting up trades?These areas are not so easily
identified in Chart 3.10.By using AVWAP,traders can see the transition from Support to Resistance more quickly and precisely.
The more times Support or Resistance is tested,the more likely it is to
fail.This  is  a   simple,but  important  concept. Traders'impatience    is
demonstrated by the frequency of tests made to Support and Resistance.
Monitor this impatience carefully for signs of potential for the price to
move out of the current range.Price level breakouts may trigger an
important turn in the trading activity of the average participant and,as we will see,they are excellent places from which to anchor our AVWAP.
When traditional Resistance breaks and then acts as Support,larger moves often occur on the upside.When prices break a major level of Resistance,
the trapped shorts will look to get out at break even by purchasing shares to cover their positions and the demand from these participants helps to   form Support.The two charts below show the concept of how broken
Resistance becomes Support.I came up with a couple of corny ways to remember them,"AVWAP Kiss and Run"or“AVWAP Tap and Snap.”
Chart 3.12 shows two instances where Resistance provided by the AVWAPs anchored to  separate  points,broke(1,2)and  then  flipped  to  Support(3,4)   over the course ofjust four days.
图3.11提供支撑的AVWAP在价格跌破AVWAP后很快变成了阻力。图表：
TC2000.com
图表3.10和3.11也说明了两种寻找支撑和阻力水平的方法之间的差异。
使用传统支撑指标的活跃交易者会错失许多买入或卖出的机会。例  如，根据你到目前为止读到的内容，你能在图表3.11中看到两个绿 色箭头标出的交易设置兴趣区域吗?这些区域在图表3.10中并不那 么容易识别。通过使用AVWAP,   交易者可以更快、更精确地看到 从支撑到阻力的转变。
支撑或阻力被测试的次数越多，它就越有可能失效。这是一个简单但   重要的概念。交易者的急躁可以通过对支撑和阻力的测试频率来体现。 仔细监控这种急躁，以寻找价格可能突破当前范围的迹象。价格水平   突破可能会引发普通参与者交易活动的重要转折，正如我们将看到的， 它们是我们锚定AVWAP  的绝佳位置。
当传统阻力位被突破后转为支撑位时，往往会在上方出现更大的行情。 当价格突破一个主要阻力位时，被困的空头将寻求在盈亏平衡点卖出   以平仓，通过购买股票来覆盖其仓位，这些参与者的需求有助于形成   支撑位。下面两个图表展示了阻力位如何转变为支撑位的这一概念。
我想到一些有点土的方法来记住它们， “AVWAP   Kiss   and   Run” 或 “AVWAP   Tap   and   Snap 。”
图表3.12显示了两个实例，其中由锚定在不同点的AVWAP  提供 的阻力被突破(1,2),然后在短短四天内翻转至支撑(3,4)。
In Chart 3.13,the daily chart saw the AVWAP from the early peak act as Resistance(red arrows)before buyers took control and then defended   pullbacks to the AVWAP,where it formed Support(green arrows).
Eventually,the buyers soaked up all the supply offered,and the stock experienced a great run higher.
23lelegrám:15 Minute -4 Days
2
3
lelegrám:
15 Minute -4 Days
Chart 3.12 AVWAP Resistance is broken(1,2)and acts as Support twice(3,4)on this 15-
minute timeframe.Chart:TC2000.com
In the two charts on page 77,we see the same concepts on different
timeframes for further reinforcement.
The stock in Charts 3.14 and 3.15 show two different timeframes ofthe same
stock where broken AVWAP Resistance became Support.Chart 3.14 shows
2.5-months of trades while Chart 3.15 shows six-weeks of trades on a 65-
在图表3.13中，日线图显示早期峰值的AVWAP  充当阻力(红色； 箭头),随后买家掌控局面并防御回调至AVWAP,   在那里形成了  支撑(绿色箭头)。最终，买家吸收了所有提供的供应，股票经历   了 一 段大幅上涨。
几23Telegram:15分钟-4天
几
2
3
Telegram:
15分钟-4天
图3.12 AVWAP阻力被突破(1,2)并在本15分钟时间周期内作为支撑两次(3,4)。图：
TC2000.com
在第77页的两个图表中，我们看到相同的概念在不同时间周期内得 到进一步强化。
图表3.14和3.15中的股票显示了同一只股票的两个不同时间周期，其中破损的 AVWAP  阻力位变成了支撑位。图表3.14显示了2.5个月的交易，而图表
3.15显示了65-分钟时间周期内的六周的交易。
minute timeframe.The repetition of the pattern on different timeframes is a great example of a fractal playing out with Support and Resistance.
Chart 3.13 On this daily chart we see AVWAP Resistance flip to Support.Chart:
TC2000.com
The longer a consolidation zone(period ofrelative stability in price)has
taken time to develop,the greater the move away from it will be as more
energy has built up.There is a larger group of traders who will benefit from a momentum push away from the consolidation.A good way to remember
this  is:the  bigger  the  top,the  bigger  the  drop  and,the  bigger  the  base,the  higher  in space.
We will delve more into market structure and trends,which are formed by directional Support and Resistance zones.
在不同时间周期上重复出现的模式是支持位和阻力位中分形展开的一个很好 的例子。
阻力
IHh sha,yee Ma
'   地
Support
alam每 日 - 7 月 - _
alam
图表3.13在这张每日图表上我们看到AVWAP  阻力转为支撑。图表：
TC2000.com
一个整理区(价格相对稳定的时期)花费的时间越长来发展，它远离 的移动就会越大，因为更多的能量已经积累。将会有一个更大的交易 群体将从动量推动远离整理区中受益。记住这个的好方法是：顶部越 大，下跌越大，底部越大，空间越高。
我们将更深入地探讨市场结构和趋势，这些是由方向性支撑和阻力区域形成 的 。
10U‘960希Resistancef14CCSupport6027Daily  -2.5  Months
10U
‘960
希
Resistance
f
14CC
Support
60
27
Daily  -2.5  Months
Chart 3.14 AVWAP Support and Resistance on a daily timeframe.Charts:TC2000.com
18.08“   另阻力Supporteee Daily-2.5个月——-
18.08
“   另
阻力
Support
eee Daily-2.5个月——-
图3.14在日线图上显示AVWAP 支撑位和阻力位。图表：TC2000.com
Resistance
Support
15J
i43
150
1120
65 Minutes-6 Weeks
3.3e:,                                                                12      Cec
3.3e:
Chart 3.15 AVWAP Support and Resistance of the same stock on a 65-minute timeframe.
Key Levels and Price Targets
When we purchase a stock,it is good to know where it has the potential to    go and an AVWAP from a prior important peak will often become Resistance for the stock.When a stock makes a large move and there are no levels of
traditional  Support  or  Resistance to be  found  on  the  chart(except  for the AVWAP),it is a good idea to look at prior important highs and lows as
anchor   points.
“ 阻 力Support1514531550BotII.eee §5分钟-6周15    'c,Vota,
“ 阻 力
Support
15
1453
1550
Bot
II.
eee §5分钟-6周
15    'c,
Vota,
图3.15在65分钟时间框架上同一股票的AVWAP支撑位和阻力位。
关键水平和价格目标
当我们购买一只股票时，了解它有潜力的去向以及从先前重要高点开  始的AVWAP 往往会成为该股票的阻力位。当一只股票出现大幅波动， 而在图表上找不到传统的支撑位或阻力位(除了AVWAP),     那么查  看先前的重要高低点作为锚点是一个好主意。
37.5.02翼32.0627M
37.
5.0
2翼
32.06
27M
3.16 AVWAPs from important highs and lows can remain relevant for quite a while.
Chart:@TrendSpider
It is uncanny how often you will see a stock halt at an AVWAP from a prior    high or low.Knowledge of these levels in advance allow us to approximate a "target"for the price move.Price targets are not necessarily a place to take profit,but to manage risk with tighter stops,so that if the stock does
reverse,we can lockin large gains.
If you bought this stock(3.16)based on your analysis of shorter timeframes, it would have been wise to be aware of where the AVWAP lies in relation to  the peaks(green dots).The stock made two quick moves up to the AVWAP    and then came back down.This is a common occurrence in stocks that
experience a bounce up toward the AVWAP.
37.85.02翼32.0627M
37.8
5.0
2翼
32.06
27M
3.16来自重要高低位的AVWAP可以在相当长的时间内保持相关性。 图表：@Trendspider
你经常会发现一只股票在先前的某个高点或低点的AVWAP 处停止。
提前了解这些水平使我们能够对价格波动近似一个“目标”。价格目 标不一定是获利的地方，而是通过设置更紧的止损来管理风险，以便 如果股票反转，我们可以锁定较大的收益。
如果你基于对较短时间框架的分析购买了这支股票(3.16),那么了 解AVWAP  相对于峰值(绿点)的位置将是一个明智的选择。这支股 票快速上涨至AVWAP,   然后又回落下来。这在经历反弹至
AVWAP 的股票中是一种常见现象。
Mar Apr Mey Jun   l Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Ape May hn      Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jn
32.00 431.00 30.00 29.00 28.00 27.00 26.00 25.00
23.16 22.00 21.00 20.00 19.00 18.00 17.00 16.00 15.00 14.00 13.00 12.00 11.00 10.00 9.00  8.00  7.00  6.00  5.00  4.00
Chart 3.17 AVWAPs from important lows can be relevant more than a year later.Chart:
TC2000.com
When  a  stock  in  a  longer  uptrend  experiences  a  large  drop,traders  will often start buying when the price drops to the AVWAP anchored at an   important  prior  lower  price,as  seen  in  Chart  3.17.
A place for a short seller to lockin a profit would have been at the green  dot,which is where the price met the purple AVWAP.This had been set    from a prior important low and would have been a reasonable place for a bounce  in  price.
Going Deeper:Support and
Resistance         Failure
32.00 431.00 30.00 29.00 28.00 27.00 26.00 25.00
23.16 22.00 21.00 20.00 19.00 18.00 17.00 16.00 15.00 14.00 13.00 12.00 11.00 10.00 9.00  8.00  7.00  6.00  5.00  4.00
Nov                   Feb           Ape Maykm
Dec                   Mar
图3.17来自重要低点的AVWAP可能一年后仍然相关。图：
TC2000.com
当一支处于较长上升趋势中的股票出现大幅下跌时，交易者通常会在价 格下跌至锚定在重要前期较低价格的AVWAP时开始买入，如图3.17所 示  。
一个空头锁住利润的地方应该是在绿色点，即价格与紫色
AVWAP  相遇的地方。这个点是从一个先前的关键低点设定的，并 且是一个价格反弹的合理位置。
Going Deeper:Support and 电阻故障
Support  and  Resistance  levels  are  not  concrete.They  are  not  guaranteed  to hold.Eventually  the  tone  of  the  market  will  change  from  bullish  to  bearish   and  vice  versa.When  key  Support  and  Resistance  levels  break,be  ready  to   act  to  protect  your   accumulated  gains  because   large  moves   in  the   opposite  direction  can  come  quickly.The  next  four  charts  illustrate  two  bullish(3.18  and   3.19)and   two   bearish(3.20    and   3.21)examples.
个个Taleyram:  @Daily-8 Months
个
个
Taleyram:  @
Daily-8 Months
Chart 3.18 On this daily chart,we see how the more frequently AVWAP Support is tested
the more likely it is to fail.
支撑和阻力水平并非固定不变。它们并不能保证有效。最终市场的基调将从 看涨变为看跌，反之亦然。当关键的支撑和阻力水平被突破时，准备好采取 行动以保护你的累积利润，因为相反方向的巨大波动可能会迅速发生。接下 来的四个图表说明了两个看涨(3.18和3.19)和两个看跌(3.20和3.21)的 例子。
图表3.18在这张每日图表上，我们看到AVWAP 支撑位被测试得越频繁，就越有可能失 I 败。
Chart 3.19 On this 65-minute chart,we see how the more frequently AVWAP Support is
tested the more likely it is to fail.Charts:TC2000.com
Charts 3.18 and 3.19 show stocks which repetitively tested the AVWAP from the prior  significant low before the trend reversed lower.As the  stocks
experienced decent rallies,the rate of ascent in the AVWAPs  slowed,
resulting in even more frequent market testing of the AVWAPs.Prices
eventually broke the AVWAP Support and began quick declines.
Recognition of this tendency will allow you to exit winners with the bulk of   your  profits  intact  before  reversals  take  place.For  more  aggressive  traders, the drop away from AVWAP can also provide an early entry into a reversal.
图表3.19在这张65分钟的图表上，我们看到AVWAP支撑位被测试得越频繁，就越有可 能失败。图表?TC2000,com
图表3.18和3.19显示了股票在趋势反转下行前，反复测试了之前的
AVWAP 显著低点。随着股票经历不错的反弹， AVWAP 的上升速率 放缓，导致市场对AVWAP 的测试更加频繁。最终，价格突破了
AVWAP 支撑位并开始快速下跌。
认识到这一趋势将使你能够在反转发生前，保住大部分利润退出赢家。 对于更激进的交易者，
从AVWAP   的回落也可以提供一个反转的早期入场点。
Chart 3.20 On this intraday timeframe,we see that the more frequently Resistance is
tested,the more likely it is to fail.
OUBusBot
图表3.20在这个日内时间框架内，我们看到阻力被测试的频率越高，就越有可能失败。
Chart 3.21 On this daily timeframe,we see that the more frequently Resistance is
tested,the more likely it is to fail.Charts:TC2000.com
The two stocks in Charts 3.20 and 3.21 were in downtrends and consistently found sellers at the AVWAPs(red arrows),which were anchored to the
significant high prior to the decline.As the stocks declined further,the
AVWAPs were tested repeatedly,which eventually overwhelmed sellers
and the stock reversed to an upward trend.The repeated tests ofAVWAP   chewed through supply as the persistent buyers became more aggressive.
You can use the concepts ofAVWAP Support and Resistance on a stand-
alone basis for a trade system,andyou will probably achieve positive
results.Of course,you also must manage risk effectively.Do not confuse
simple with ineffective.All too many people want a complicated
approach,but  simplicity  is  the  market's  greatest  disguise.After  all,stock prices move because of supply and demand.We don't have to be obsessed
with the“why”behind the moves.The strategies in the chapters ahead will
assume you have read and understand the concepts discussed here.They are the building blocks ofthe layers we add on top of basic Support and
Resistance.
Risk Management
It can be difficult to wait patiently for conditions to develop into your ideal  time to make a trade and to resist the temptation to get involved early.Too many times,traders give into FOMO and buy before AVWAP provides
evidence confirming who has regained control.Thus,they suffer needless losses.For longer than I care to admit,this was a problem for me.I would
"be sure"a stock was ready to go,so I would get involved before the price
action confirmed momentum.Once in a while,I would get lucky on this type ofentry,but over the long-term,these trades ended up costing me money.
图3.21在这个日线周期中，我们看到阻力被测试得越频繁，就越有可能失败。图表：
TC2000.com
图表3.20和3.21中的两只股票处于下跌趋势，并始终在AVWAP
(红色箭头)处找到卖家，这些AVWAP   基于下跌前的显著高点锚  定。随着股票进一步下跌，AVWéPs  被反复测试，最终压倒了卖家， 股票反转形成上升趋势。AVWAP  的反复测试消耗了供应，因为持续 的买家变得更加激进。
您可以在独立基础上使用AVWAP 支撑和阻力概念来构建交易系统， 您可能会取得积极的结果。当然，您还必须有效管理风险。不要混淆
简单与无效。太多人想要复杂
简单且无效。太多人想要复杂，
方法，但简单是市场最大的伪装。毕竟，股票。 价格会因供需而变动。我们不必痴迷于
背后的“原因”。接下来的章节中的策略将         假设你已经阅读并理解了这里讨论的概念。它们
是我们添加在基本支撑和阻力之上的层级的基石。
阻力。
风险管理
耐心等待条件发展成你理想的交易时机，并抵制过早参与的诱惑可能 很困难。太多时候，交易者屈服于FOMO  并 在AVWAP   提供证据确 认谁重新掌控局面之前买入。因此，他们遭受不必要的损失。比我愿 意承认的时间更长，这个问题一直困扰着我。我会“确信”一只股票 准备好上涨，所以在价格行动确认动量之前就会提前参与。偶尔，我 会在这种类型的入场中幸运地获利，但从长远来看，这些交易最终让 我亏钱。
KEY TAKEAWAYS·AVWAP Support often becomes Resistance once it is broken.·AVWAP Resistance often becomes Support once it is broken.·Key AVWAP levels can indicate where the stock may lose momentum.·Do not  confuse  simple  with  ineffective.Too  many  people want  a  complicated  approach,but  "simplicity  is  themarket's  greatest  disguise.”·The more times AVWAP Support or Resistance is tested, the more likely it is to fail.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
·AVWAP Support often becomes Resistance once it is broken.
·AVWAP Resistance often becomes Support once it is broken.
·Key AVWAP levels can indicate where the stock may lose momentum.
·Do not  confuse  simple  with  ineffective.Too  many  people want  a  complicated  approach,but  "simplicity  is  the
market's  greatest  disguise.”
·The more times AVWAP Support or Resistance is tested, the more likely it is to fail.
关键要点一旦AVWAP 被突破，它往往就会成为阻力。AVWAP阻力位一旦被突破，往往会成为支撑位。关键的AVWAP水平可以指示股票可能失去动力的位置。不要将简单与无效混淆。太多人想要复杂的方法，但 “简单是市场最大的伪装。”AVWAP支撑位或阻力位被测试的次数越多，就越有可能失 败。
关键要点
一旦AVWAP 被突破，它往往就会成为阻力。
AVWAP阻力位一旦被突破，往往会成为支撑位。
关键的AVWAP水平可以指示股票可能失去动力的位置。
不要将简单与无效混淆。太多人想要复杂的方法，但 “简单是市场最大的伪装。”
AVWAP支撑位或阻力位被测试的次数越多，就越有可能失 败。
CHAPTER 4
WHERE TO SET THE
ANCHOR
“Art is more godlike than science.Science
discovers;art  creates."
-John     Opie
Chapter Objectives
1.Where to anchor in high-volume events,more than 1.5x
normal
2.Place anchors at measurable events
a.Fundamental      events
b.Price-based      events
c.Time-based     events
3.Anchoring to fundamental events,including news
a.Earnings      reports
b.Federal   Reserve   announcement
4.Anchoring   to   price-basedevents
第四章
WHERETO SET THE 锚点
“艺术比科学更神祇。科学发现；艺术创 造。”—John Opie
章节目标，
1.在高流量活动中锚点设置，超过1.5倍 正常
2. 在可测量的事件处放置锚点
a. 基本事件
b.基于价格的事件
c. 基于时间的事件
V3. 锚定基本事件，包括新闻
V
a. 财报
b.联邦储备声明
4. 锚定基于价格的事件
a.When Price is the news
b.Using  price-based  anchors
5.Anchoring to specific time-based events
a.Week-to-Date
b.Month-to-Date
C.Quarter-to-Date
d.Year-to-Date
6.The Anchored VWAP Handoff and Pinch
7.Market   Psychology:The    Art   of   Anchoring
an Lchor.WAT:++tLh that,we can m^easure supp1ly and dd emand Cforcesobjectively and gain an edge in our buy and sell decisions.When we begin  our VWAP measurement from any point other than the beginning of one day,it becomes an“anchored”VWAP(AVWAP)and it is cumulativefrom that point forward.Our interpretation of price action is relative to the direction and slope ofthe AVWAP.T    he ~goal  of this  chapter  is  to  identify…the  most valuable  places  to  set  the
an Lchor.WAT:++tLh that,we can m^easure supp1ly and dd emand Cforces
objectively and gain an edge in our buy and sell decisions.When we begin  our VWAP measurement from any point other than the beginning of one day,it becomes an“anchored”VWAP(AVWAP)and it is cumulative
from that point forward.Our interpretation of price action is relative to the direction and slope ofthe AVWAP.
The concepts introduced in this chapter are the basis of the strategy
chapters that follow.As always,the timeframe shown on the chart is
irrelevant.The same concepts apply to charts whether they are plotting stock price candles month-by-month or minute-by-minute.
The“science of technical analysis”is the theory you read about in many
trading books,including this one.So far,we have covered the objective
"science"of how  the AVWAP  forms  and  why  it  is  significant  to  our  analysis.
a.当价格是新闻时
b.使用基于价格的锚点
5.锚定到特定的时间事件
a.本周累计
b.本月累计
c.本季度累计
d. 年至今
6. 锚定VWAP 交接和挤压
7.市场心理：锚定艺术
本章的目标是确定设置锚定的最宝贵位置。有了这个，我们可
以客观地衡量供需力量，并在我们的买入和卖出决策中占据优势。
当我们从一天的开始点以外的任何点开始我们的VWAP  测量时，它
就变成了“锚定”VWAP(AVWAP),        并且从该点向前累计。我们 对价格行为的解释相对于AVWAP  的方向和斜率。
本章介绍的概念是后续策略章节的基础。 一如既往，图表上显 示的时间段无关紧要。这些概念适用于图表，无论它们是按月 还是按分钟绘制股票价格蜡烛图。
“技术分析的科学”是你在许多交易书中，包括这本书中读到的理论。到目 前为止，我们已经涵盖了AVWAP 形成的客观“科学”原理及其对我们分析 的重要性。
Now it is time to address the subjective “art”ofwhere to start the anchored VWAP to assist in buy and sell decisions.This helps us better manage risk    and ultimately make more money.
The “art of trading”is what separates the successful traders from the   analysts.Learn the science of technical analysis and raise it to an art form as you implement it with your trades.
It is said that you can show a good trader a mediocre setup and he will make money and you can show a mediocre trader a great setup and he will still
lose money.Strive to be an objective analyst of the price-to-AVWAP
relationship on multiple timeframes and you willbe an even better trader. Successful traders practice their craft and spend time on layering their
experience-based intuition onto their technical analysis.
"The  best  long-term  performers  in  any
probabilistic    field,such    as    investing,sports    team management    and    pari-mutuel    betting-all
emphasize   process    over    outcome.”~Michael
Mauboussin
Anchor to High-Volume Events
The greater the volume of trading at a particular price level,the larger the number of participants with an emotional connection to that price level.
Therefore,the price levels aroundhigh-volume events can be useful levels to set your AVWAP anchor.Unusually high-volume(loosely defined as 1.5x normal volume)price events can"shock the market"and"reset"the
psychology of the crowd.The introduction of new information to a market,   whether news events or technical information,can trigger or create a large volume in trading that shakes the market loose from a level of
现在，是时候探讨主观的“艺术”了，即如何确定锚定VWAP  的起始点以 协助买入和卖出决策。这有助于我们更好地管理风险，并最终赚更多钱。
“交易的艺术”是区分成功交易者和分析师的关键。学习技 术分析的科学，并在实际交易中将其提升为艺术形式。
据说你可以向一个优秀的交易者展示一个平庸的设置，他仍然能赚钱； 但你可以向一个平庸的交易者展示一个绝佳的设置，他仍然会亏损。
努力成为价格与AVWAP  关系在多个时间框架下的客观分析师，你将 成为一个更好的交易者。成功的交易者磨练他们的技艺，并将基于经 验的直觉融入他们的技术分析中。
“在任何概率领域(如投资、体育团队管理和 博彩)中，表现最佳的长期者——无一不强调 过程而非结果。” Michael     Mauboussin
锚定高成交量事件
在特定价格水平上的交易量越大，与该价格水平有情感联系的交易参 与者数量就越多。因此，高交易量事件周围的价格水平可以是有用的 设置AVWAP 锚的水平。异常高交易量(大致定义为正常交易量的  1.5倍)的价格事件可以“冲击市场”并“重置”群体的心理。向市  场引入新信息，无论是新闻事件还是技术信息，都可能触发或创造大 量交易量，使市场摆脱某个水平。
consolidation.This  is  called  a  breakout.The  breakout  creates  a  sense  of
urgency  as  the  current  valuation  is  quickly  questioned  and  reevaluated  by many    participants.
When we set the AVWAP from high-volume areas,it helps us to see clearly if buyers  or  sellers  maintain  control  from  the  event.Unusually  large
volume  at,or  associated  with,a  breakout  increases  the  likelihood  of the
price  trending  in  the  direction(higher  or  lower)of  the  price  from  the
break.If the AVWAP from the event offers Support or Resistance,price will typically  experience  a  tradeable  continuation  as  price moves  away  from
AVWAP.If,instead,the AVWAP is undercut and the price remains under AVWAP,the stock is likely to reverse lower.Tests of the AVWAP from a
high-volume  event will  often become  a  battleground between buyers  and sellers,and the emerging trend can  set the tone  for the  stock for days,
weeks  and  even  months.
Large price moves,accompanied by a  surge in volume  are excellent anchor points  because  they   are  where   innumerable  “price  memories”live.The
price action and development of AVWAP  starting at these anchor points
becomes an objective reference point where we can make an unbiased
analysis of price action.From these points,the AVWAP helps us observe the real time changes in market values caused by the constant push and pull
between  bulls  and  bears.
Charts 4.1 and 4.2 show bullish and bearish high-volume levels as being a
good place to set an anchor.Chart 4.1 shows a large volume gap higher(1)   and  the  AVWAP(2)from  that  levelremained  important  almost  nine  months after the  initial  move began.
这被称为突破。突破会创造一种紧迫感，因为当前的估值会被许多参与者 迅速质疑和重新评估。
当我们从高成交量区域设置AVWAP   时，它有助于我们清晰地看到买 方或卖方是否在事件中保持控制权。在突破点或与突破相关的异常大 成交量会增加价格朝突破方向(更高或更低)趋势的可能性。如果事 件中的AVWAP 提供支撑或阻力，价格通常会随着价格远离
AVWAP   而出现可交易的延续。如果相反， AVWAP   被跌破且价格保 持在AVWAP 下方，股票可能会反转下跌。对高成交量事件中的
AVWAP   的测试往往会成为买方和卖方之间的战场，而形成的趋势将 决定股票在数日、数周甚至数月内的基调。
大幅价格波动伴随着成交量激增是极好的锚点，因为它们是无数“价 格记忆”所在之处。从这些锚点开始的价格行动和AVWAP   的发展成 为我们可以进行无偏见价格行动分析的客观参考点。从这些点出发， AVWAP 帮助我们观察多头和空头之间持续推拉所导致的市场价值实 时变化。
图表4.1和4.2显示了高成交量水平作为设置锚点的良好位置。图表 4. 1显示了一个较大的向上跳空缺口(1),并且从该水平开始的
AVWAP(2)      在初始运动开始后近九个月仍然非常重要。
65.30
50.30
55.30
30.30
45.00
40.30
35.00
2
Buyers stilldefend  30.00 the breakout AVWAP2500
8-9 months later.
20.00
1453
10.30
5.00
1-Large volume breakout
e
lbeununlua
Chart  4.1  High-volume  bars  are  important  anchor  points  in  uptrends.
65.3050.3055.3030.3045.0040.3035.002Buyers       stilldefend*” the breakout AVWAP.,8-9months later.HLarge volume breakoutTheoden./ilipiacaiunBas..Bet
65.30
50.30
55.30
30.30
45.00
40.30
35.00
2
Buyers       stilldefend*” the breakout AVWAP.,
8-9months later.
HLarge volume breakout
Theoden./ilipiacaiunBas..Bet
图 4 . 1 高 成 交 量 柱 是 上 升 趋 势 中 的 重 要 锚 点 。
260.0C240.00220.0(Resistance at AVWAP200.0C180.0C1 60.00.1 40.0C120.0010046Nov                        Dec                           Jan                                                       Mar@ Grou      l l  ullunluu    uulu            Il   lBo
260.0C
240.00
220.0(
Resistance at AVWAP
200.0C
180.0C
1 60.00
.
1 40.0C
120.00
10046
Nov                        Dec                           Jan                                                       Mar
@ Gro
u      l l  ullunluu    uulu            Il   l
Bo
Chart 4.2 High-volume bars are important anchor points in downtrends.Charts:
TC2000.com
Chart 4.2 is a chart of a stock in a downtrend,where price accelerated to the downside  with  the  first  gap  lower(3)and  had  the  heaviest  trading  volume
to  that  point.The  AVWAP  from(3)acted  as  Resistance  through  the  months   of  December  and  into  January.There  was  another   sizable  price  gap  lower  in January  which  occurred  on  even  heavier  volume(4).This  is  a  great
example  of why  not  to  buy  stocks  that  appear  to  be“down  too  much.”
Place Anchors at Measurable Events
260.0C240.00220.0(Resistance at AVWAP200.0C180.0C401 40.0C+4LL1o50.0MUatueccvtlddataltldicattdettecccetotecectcttenetectanllateal                          Lutte[00461 60.00120.00
260.0C
240.00
220.0(
Resistance at AVWAP
200.0C
180.0C
40
1 40.0C
+
4
LL
1o
50.0M
Uatueccvtlddataltldicattdettecccetotecectcttenetectanllateal                          Lutte
[0046
1 60.00
120.00
图4.2高成交量柱是下降趋势中的重要锚点。图表：TC2000.com
图4.2是一 只处于下降趋势的股票图表，价格在第一个向下跳空 (3)时加速下跌，并在此点达到了迄今为止最大的成交量。从(3) 点开始计算的AVWAP    在12月和1月期间起到了阻力作用。1月中
还有一个较大的向下跳空，且成交量更为巨大(4)。这是一个很好的 例子，说明为什么不应该购买看起来“跌得太惨”的股票。
在可测量的事件处放置锚点
In its simplest form,a “measurable event”is a point where there is a clear shift in the supply and demand dynamics ofthe stock or market.A
measurable event typically involves a larger than normal price move
accompanied by a surge in trading volume.As Ialways say only price pays, so volume is secondary to the price action.Measurable events occur in
three  different  circumstances:
·Fundamental(news)events
·    Price-based  technical  events
·Time-based     events
We will explore allthree categories here to lay the foundation for the strategies in the following chapters.
The unique benefit ofthe AVWAP comes from the ability to start our
objective supply and demand measurement from any point that we choose. We don't want to anchor AVWAPs to random points on the chart.The
AVWAP is an elegant tool that allows us to measure the combination of
price,volume,and time together from any point.The question is,where to  set the anchor to help us see the market forces more clearly and ultimately make more money?
Anchoring to Fundamental Events
Fundamental events that may become the catalyst for a large price change could be earnings reports,FDA announcements,Federal Reserve
announcements  or  any  other  company's,sector's,or  market's  impactful
report.These may cause a higher volume of trading,but it is important to distinguish between a catalyst such as news and a simple supply and
demand shock that might not have been created by a specific news event.
在其最简单的形式中，“可衡量事件”是指股票或市场的供需动态 发生明显变化的某个点。可衡量事件通常涉及异常的价格变动，并 伴随着交易量的激增。正如我常说的，只有价格才是最终的裁判， 因此交易量相对于价格行为来说是次要的。可衡量事件发生在三种 不同的情况下：
*基本面(新闻)事件
*基于价格的技术事件
*基于时间的事件
我们将在此探讨所有三种类别，为后续章节中的策略奠定基础。
AVWAP的独特优势在于它能够让我们从任何我们选择的位置开始进 行客观的供需测量。我们不想将AVWAP  锚定在图表上的随机点。
AVWAP 是一个优雅的工具，允许我们从任何点一起测量价格、交易   量和时间。问题是，如何设置锚点以帮助我们更清晰地看到市场力量， 并最终赚更多钱?
锚定到基本事件
可能成为重大价格变动催化剂的基本事件可能包括盈利报告、F
DA 公告、美联储公告或任何其他公司、行业或市场的重大报告。这 些事件可能导致交易量增加，但重要的是要区分催化剂(如新闻)
与简单的供需冲击，后者可能并非由特定新闻事件引发。
It is good practice to know when potential market moving catalysts(such as earnings report dates)are due in the market.Awareness of these catalysts   minimizes the chance we will be surprised by what could be a large price
move against our position.It is important to know that a price movement
after a fundamental announcement is often counterintuitive.The market is a discounting mechanism and"good news,"which was expected,is often
welcomed as a profit taking opportunity by those who had the correct
position ahead of the event.Price speaks louder than the opinions of the
loudest  cheerleaders  for the  stock,because  the post-announcement trading actions of buyers and sellers speak louder than words.
Earnings Reports
The releases of individual corporate earnings reports are consistently
useful anchor points because they are when investors and traders will
refine their beliefs and trading strategies about the companies whose stock they are holding,or are considering as trade candidates.Corporate results  get reported every three months.At the end of each calendar quarter,
companies prepare their financial documents for the results of the
previous three months.The earnings reports are then reported to the
public.The “earnings season”refers to the quarterly period where
companies report their results.The earnings season begins one or two
weeks  after  the  last  month  ofeach  quarter(March,June,September,and
December)and continues for approximately sixto eight weeks.In chart 4.3 below you can see three different anchor points set at the times that the
earnings  reports  were  released.
了解潜在市场变动催化剂(如盈利报告日期)何时到期是一种良好的 实践。对这些催化剂的认识可以最大限度地减少我们因可能出现的重 大价格变动而感到意外的机会。重要的是要知道，在基本公告后价格 变动往往是非直觉性的。市场是一个折价机制，预期的“好消息”通 常被那些在事件前持有正确头寸的人视为获利了结的机会。价格比股 票最狂热支持者的观点更有说服力，因为公告后的买卖交易行为比言 语更有说服力。
盈利报告
个别企业盈利报告的发布始终是很有用的锚点，因为它们是投资者和 交易者调整其持有的股票或考虑作为交易候选公司的信念和交易策略 的时机。企业业绩每季度报告一次。在每个日历季度的结束时，公司 准备过去三个月的财务文件。然后，盈利报告会向公众发布。“盈利 期”指的是企业报告其业绩的季度时期。盈利期在每个季度最后一个 月(3月、6月、9月和12月)之后的一两周开始，并持续大约六到八 周。在下面的图表4.3中，你可以看到在盈利报告发布时设定的三个  不同的锚点。
Earnings 2Earnings 3Earnings 1ram:@G
Earnings 2
Earnings 3
Earnings 1
ram:@G
Chart 4.3 Earnings reports are some of the best places to begin an AVWAP.Chart:
TC2000.com
Chart 4.3 shows a stock with three earnings reports.Each report is a good anchor point for the start ofa new AVWAP.Earnings  1 shows how the
AVWAP(green)from  the  release  date  held  as  Support  on  two  separate
occasions.Earnings  2(red  AVWAP)shows  a  negative  response  to  earnings and then two subsequent tests of the AVWAP as shares were sold into the  market  and  provided  Resistance.Earnings  3(blue  AVWAP)shows  an
acceleration  of  selling(notice  the   steeper  slope)as  sellers  reacted  to  the
contents of the report.Notice how the next four tests of the AVWAP  showed
Resistance.
收 益 2 _—#a My ale i   iMthw!‘xwlEarnings 1                                                         I fontMaryT图4.3收益报告是开始AVWAP  的最佳地点之一。图：TC2000.com图4.3显示了一只股票有三个收益报告。每个报告都是AVWAP 开始的一  个良好锚点。收益1显示了AVWAP  (绿色)从发布日期作为支撑位发生了 两次。收益2(红色AVWAP)  显示了收益的负面反应，然后是两个后续的 AVWAP 测试，因为股票被卖入市场并提供了阻力位。收益3(蓝色AVWAP)   显示了卖出的加速(注意更陡峭的斜率),因为卖家对报告内容 做出了反应。注意接下来四次AVWAP 测试都显示了阻力位。收 益 3 _
收 益 2 _
—#a My ale i   iMt
hw!‘x
wl
Earnings 1                                                         I font
Mary
T
图4.3收益报告是开始AVWAP  的最佳地点之一。图：TC2000.com
图4.3显示了一只股票有三个收益报告。每个报告都是AVWAP 开始的一  个良好锚点。收益1显示了AVWAP  (绿色)从发布日期作为支撑位发生了 两次。收益2(红色AVWAP)  显示了收益的负面反应，然后是两个后续的 AVWAP 测试，因为股票被卖入市场并提供了阻力位。收益3(蓝色
AVWAP)   显示了卖出的加速(注意更陡峭的斜率),因为卖家对报告内容 做出了反应。注意接下来四次AVWAP 测试都显示了阻力位。
收 益 3 _
Other news-related events that can become good anchor points include
Federal Reserve meetings and speeches,FDA announcements,activist
events around annual meetings,merger and acquisition news and rumors, patent  awards,secondary  stock  offerings,strategic  alliances,lawsuits  and  product  recalls,court  decisions,new  contracts,and  supplier  issues.
Corporate events such as new products,a change in management,dividend announcements,and share buybacks can also be anchor points.I do not
mean this list to be all-inclusive,nor is it meant to intimidate you.You do not have to follow all these events to know where to anchor.The  best
anchor points will become obvious to you as you become more practiced in the everyday application of AVWAP.
五                17                                 IB                    7                                     27                                  23                                   74                                   25
Chart 4.4 Federal Reserve announcements change the psychology of the market and
are important AVWAP points.Chart:TC2000.com
其他可以成为良好锚点的新闻相关事件包括美联储会议和讲话、FDA 公告、 围绕年度会议的激进活动、并购新闻和传闻、专利奖项、二次股票发行、
战略联盟、诉讼和产品召回、法院判决、新合同以及供应商问题。
公司活动，如新产品发布、管理层变动、股息公告和股票回购， 也可以作为锚点。我并非意在将此列表穷尽，也不是想吓唬你。 你不必关注所有这些活动就能知道如何锚定。随着你在日常生  活中更熟练地应用AVWAP,     最佳的锚点会变得显而易见。
25
图表4.4美联储公告改变市场心理，是重要的AVWAP  点。图表：TC2000.com
On the macroeconomic side of the news,a few of the catalysts for price
change that might be a good anchor point include economic numbers such as GDP,PPI,CPI,andjobs reports.Other events would include elections,
wars,and weather related events.Chart 4.4 illustrates an AVWAP from a  Federal Reserve announcement.Notice how that level became supported several days after the event.
Federal           Reserve           Announcement
Chart 4.4 is a major market ETF with the anchor set at 2 p.m.(1)on the day of the Federal Reserve policy announcement.After the initial volatility
between 1and 2,which is normal with an FOMC release,the buyers
regained control(2)and the trend continued higher.Five days later,the
AVWAP from the FOMC release was tested(3)and showed Support.We can use this AVWAP level as a place to set stops or to identify new buying
opportunities as the stock bounces higher from the AVWAP.
Price-Based         Events
When    Price    IS    the    News
Price action often is “the news,"but it doesn't get reported by the media
accurately.They try to assign a “reason”for every move.Price movement is based on supply and demand imbalances as new information comes to and    is absorbed by the market.We will briefly lookat some of the price-based
anchors to consider before we explore them in greater detail in the chapters to follow.
在新闻的宏观经济方面，一些可能作为良好锚点的价格变动催化剂  包括GDP 、PPI 、CPI  和就业报告等经济数据。其他事件包括选举、 战争和与天气相关的事件。图4.4展示了从美联储公告中得出的
AVWAP。  注意该水平在事件发生后几天内如何成为支撑位。
美联储公告
图表4.4是一个主要市场ETF, 其锚点设定在美联储政策公告当天的 下午2点(1)。在FOMC  发布后的1点到2点之间的初始波动，这是  FOMC  发布时的正常现象，买家重新掌控了局面(2),趋势继续上
升。五天后，FOMC 发布时的AVWAP 被测试(3)并显示出支撑。 我们可以将这个AVWAP  水平用作设置止损点或识别股票从
AVWAP  反弹时的新买入机会的地方。
基于价格的交易事件
当价格就是新闻时
价格行为往往是“新闻”,但媒体不会准确地报道它。他们试图为每 一次变动分配一个“原因”。价格变动是基于供需失衡，随着新信息 到达并被市场吸收。在接下来的章节中，我们将更详细地探讨它们之 前，简要地看一下一些基于价格的基础锚点。
Anchor toswing high2-Resistance2262291-Recognition ofan important highoupBuys    BdooFeb                     Mar110.001000090.0080.0070.00Telegram:60.0055.6350.00Nov                       Dec
Anchor to
swing high
2-Resistance
2
2
6229
1-Recognition of
an important high
oupBuys    Bdoo
Feb                     Mar
110.00
10000
90.00
80.00
70.00
Telegram:
60.00
55.63
50.00
Nov                       Dec
Chart 4.5 Swing high points are important places to place an anchor.Chart:
StockCharts.com
The  obvious  andimportant highs  and  lows  are  easy  to recognize  after the   fact,but  that  doesn't  mean  they  aren't  useful.Highs  where  prices  reversed lower are some of the best anchor points for the AVWAP,as the following    tests of that AVWAP often prove to reveal the Resistance level.
Chart 4.5 shows how an AVWAP from a significant high will often act as
Resistance  for the  stock  on  short-term  bounces.When  a  stock  breaks
downward  from  a previous uptrend,an  anchor to  the most recent high  is  one of the best places to set an anchor.The anchor would probably not be set until  somewhere  in  mid-November(1),as  that  is  when  it  became  clear the early November high was an important one.While the stock is below
锚定到摆动高点00oo2-阻力2270.00622960.0056350001-识别一个重要的高
锚定到
摆动高点
00
oo
2-阻力
2
2
70.00
6229
60.00
563
5000
1-识别
一个重要的高
图4.5摇摆高点是放置锚点的重要位置。图：StockCharts.com
明显的和重要的高低点事后很容易识别，但这并不意味着它们没有  用。价格反转下行的顶部是AVWAP   的一些最好的锚点，因为接下 来 的AVWAP  测试往往证明会揭示阻力水平。
图表4.5显示了从一个显著高点开始的AVWAP   通常如何成为股票短 期反弹时的阻力位。当股票从之前的上升趋势中向下突破时，将锚 定最近的高点是最好的位置之一。锚定点可能要到11月中旬(1)才 会设置，因为那时人们才意识到11月初的高点是一个重要的高点。
当股票低于
the AVWAP  from  that high,consider  it“guilty until proven  innocent.”
Notice how the upward rallies during the long period of declining AVWAP that  started  at  the  anchor  point  found  Resistance  during  multiple  tests
over  the  next  three  months(2).On  balance,buyers  of  the  stock  on  the short-term  rallies  are  losing  money  and  short  sellers  have  control.
33.5012993250320031.50 31.00 30.5030.D029.52  29.00  2850   2BD0 27.50  27.00  2650   26.0025.50 25002450  24.00 23.50 23.00 22.50220021.50 21.00 205020.D0  19.50 1900  18501B.D01-Recognition  ofan important low0-Anchor to swing low2-Support
33.50
1299
3250
3200
31.50 31.00 30.50
30.D0
29.52  29.00  2850   2BD0 27.50  27.00  2650   26.00
25.50 2500
2450  24.00 23.50 23.00 22.50
2200
21.50 21.00 2050
20.D0  19.50 1900  1850
1B.D0
1-Recognition  of
an important low
0-Anchor to swing low
2-Support
Chart 4.6 Swing low points are important AVWAPanchor points.Chart:TC2000.com
An important low is also easy to recognize after the fact.Even ifit takes a   couple ofdays for the low to become obvious,it makes sense to monitor to  see  ifbuyers  defend  the  average  price  from  that  low.Chart  4.6,shows  how an AVWAP from a significant low will often act as Support for the stock on  pullbacks.
When the stock makes an important low,we will recognize it a few days
after the fact(1)and then anchor our AVWAP from that now-identifiedlow
从那个高点开始的AVWAP 时，应将其视为“有罪，直到被证明无 罪。”注意在从锚定点开始的长期下降AVWAP 期间，向上的反弹 在接下来的三个月内(2)多次遇到阻力。总的来说，短期反弹时 的股票买家正在亏损，而空头控制着市场。
3350132993250320031.5030.5029.50285027.5027 00   2650  26.0025.50 2500245023.50 23.00 22.50220021.50 21.00 205019.501850f---0-      锚定摆动低点1-识别一个重要的低点2-SupportMY   ek
3350
13299
3250
3200
31.50
30.50
29.50
2850
27.50
27 00   2650  26.00
25.50 2500
2450
23.50 23.00 22.50
2200
21.50 21.00 2050
19.50
1850
f---0-      锚定摆动低点
1-识别
一个重要的低点
2-Support
MY   ek
图4.6摆动低点是重要的AVWAP锚点。图：TC2000.com
一个重要的低点事后也容易识别。即使低点要过几天才变得明显， 也有意义地监控买方是否从那个低点捍卫平均价格。图4.6显示， 从一个重要的低点开始的AVWAP   往往会成为股票回调时的支撑。
当股票创下重要低点时，我们会在事后几天内识别它(1),然后从那个现 在已被确认的低点锚定我们的AVWAP
(0).The value and direction ofthe AVWAP might not be clear for days to
weeks later until after it is tested and(in this case)provides  Support(2)for the  stock.
When the stock is above the rising AVWAP,consider it“innocent until
proven guilty.”This means buyers are in control and sellers are fighting a losing game.
Anchoring to Specific Time-Based
Events
A third category of places to which to anchor the VWAP is time based.Many decisions of portfolio managers are based on time increments(daily,week- to-date,month-to-date,or   even   year-to-date).
People often say that institutions only use VWAP for one day in their trade executions;that is simply not true.As we learned in Part One,Chapter 3
institutions may set buy or sell programs for as short as a couple of hours. It is also common for institutions to use AVWAP programs to buy or sell
individual stocks or to buy or sellbroad-based markets and to execute one large order for periods such as a calendar week,month,quarter,or even   year,for very large orders.
(0).AVWAP 的值和方向可能需要几天到几周后才能变得清晰，直到它被测 试后(在这种情况下)为股票提供支撑(2)。
当股票价格高于上升的AVWAP时，可以将其视为“无罪，直到被   证明有罪”。这意味着买方掌控局面，而卖方在打一场输不起的仗。
锚定于特定时间事件
VWAP的另一个锚定点是基于时间的。许多投资组合经理的决策是基于时 间增量(每日、本周至今、本月至今，甚至本年至今)。
人们常说机构只在一天的交易执行中使用VWAP;   这根本就不正确。 正如我们在第一部分第三章中所学到的，机构可以设置持续几小时   甚至更短的买入或卖出程序。机构也常用AVWAP  程序来买入或卖出 个股，或买入或卖出广泛市场，并执行一个为期日历周、月、季度   甚至一年的大额订单，特别是对于非常大的订单。
620061.75 61.50 61.2561.00 607S  600.5 60.00 9759.50 59259.00 58.75 58.50 58.25 58.00 57.75 5750  57.2   5700  56.7S 56.5056.2556.00 55.7S55.50 55.25 54剪 34.54.50 54.2 54.00                                         27                                                                                                                             1-Anchor   to   the start  of  the  week233
6200
61.75 61.50 61.25
61.00 607S  600.5 60.00 97
59.50 592
59.00 58.75 58.50 58.25 58.00 57.75 5750  57.2   5700  56.7S 56.50
56.25
56.00 55.7S
55.50 55.25 54剪 34.
54.50 54.2 54.00
                                         27                                                                                                                             
1-Anchor   to   the start  of  the  week
2
3
3
Chart  4.7  I  always  set  an  AVWAP  at  the  beginning  of  a  new  week.Chart:TC2000.com
The bottom line is that institutions have strategies and timeframes that are as varied as the techniques used by individuals.Why wouldn't they?Below   we will look at some examples of broad market ETFs and individual stocks
where there is clear evidence on the chart that buy and sell programs are time based.
Week-to-Date(WTD)
Swing traders should keep an AVWAP that begins at the start ofeach week on their charts.You will see how often it comes into play as Support or
Resistance as the week progresses.
The     week-to-date     AVWAP(1)in     Chart     4.7(page     91)is     one     I      start     each Monday morning on all my charts.
620061.75 61.50 61.2561.00 607S60.50 60.2   60.0059.75 59.50 59.2859.00 58.75 58.50 5825  58.00 57.7S57.50  57.2570056.75 56.50 56256.00 55.75 55.5055.25  54剪 34.754.50 54.2   54.001-锚定到 周的开始2233
6200
61.75 61.50 61.25
61.00 607S
60.50 60.2   60.00
59.75 59.50 59.28
59.00 58.75 58.50 5825  58.00 57.7S
57.50  57.2
5700
56.75 56.50 562
56.00 55.75 55.50
55.25  54剪 34.7
54.50 54.2   54.00
1-锚定到 周的开始
2
2
3
3
图表4.7我总是在新的一周的开始设置一个AVWAP..  图表：TC2000.com
底线是，机构有与个人使用的技巧一样多样化的策略和时间范围。他  们为什么不呢?下面我们将查看一些宽市场ETF 和个股的例子，在   这些例子中，图表上有明确的证据表明买入和卖出计划是基于时间的。
本周至今(WTD)
波段交易者应该在他们图表上保持一个每周一开始的AVWAP。随着 一 周 的 推 进 ， 你 会 看 到 它 如 何 成 为 支 撑 或 阻 力 。
本周累计AVWAP(1)    在图表4 . 7(第91页)中是我每个周一早上在我所有
图表上都会关注的一个指标。
The  WTD  AVWAP  will   act  as   Support(2)and  Resistance(3),and  on  the chart,those   roles(on   all   timeframes)can    and   often   do   reverse.
Month-to-Date(MTD)
When  you  start  an  AVWAP  at  the  beginning  of the  month,it  might  not  show it's value until a week or two later.Once you have a MTD AVWAP on your
chart,as  seen  in  Chart  4.8,you  will  see  how  often  it  does  become  Support  or Resistance.
One  month  oftrades  is  shown  in  Chart  4.8.The  anchor  is  set  to  the  start  of  the  month  and  builds  from  there.Some  institutions  may  decide  to  purchase a  stock  over  the  course  of  a  month  and  their  programs  purchase  as  many
shares  as  they  can  at  “fair  value  for  the  month”on pullbacks  to  the  AVWAP (1).Notice  the  black  arrow(2).The  stock  opened  well  below  the  AVWAP
that   day,but   immediately   reversed    higher.
本周累计 AVWAP   将充当支撑(2)和阻力(3),在图表上，这些角色( 在所有时间周期)都可以并且经常发生反转。
当月累计(MTD)
当你月初开始一个AVWAP 时，它可能要到一周或两周后才会显示其价值。
一旦你在图表上有一个 MID    AVWAP,如图表4.8所示，你就会看到它成为 支撑或阻力的情况有多频繁。
一个月的交易情况显示在图表4.8中。锚点设置为月份的开始，并从  此处构建。 一些机构可能会在一个月内决定购买股票，他们的程序在 回调至AVWAP(1)       时以“月份的公平价值”购买尽可能多的股票  份额。注意黑色箭头(2)。那天股票开盘远低于AVWAP,    但立即  反转上涨。
M2Anchor begins at the first candle of the month
M
2
Anchor begins at the first candle of the month
8
8
14900
148.00 147.00 146.00 145.00
144.00
2
141.00 140.00 139.00 138.00 13700  136.00 135.00 13400  13300  132.00 131.00 13000  12900  128.00 12700  126.00 125.00 12400  123.00 12200  12100  12000  11900
118.00
Chart 4.8 I always keepan AVWAP from the start of the month on my charts.Chart:
TC2000.com
It is always best to  set your  stop-loss  orders AFTER the market  is  open.
Doing  so  will  save  you  from  throwing  your  stocks  away  on  a  manipulated lower  open  in  search  of stop  orders.The first few  minutes  of the  trade
day  can  be  more  volatile  as  deep-pocketed  participants  “hunt  for  stop  orders.”To  avoid  the  initial  volatility,I  generally  use  the  low  ofthe  first   five minutes ofa new day as the new stop if the previous  stop was traded through on a gap lower.
Quarter-to-Date(QTD)
Some  institutions(pensions  and  mutual  funds)will  make  the  decision  to
buy or sell a large position in a stock over the period of a calendar quarter.
149.00 148.00 147.00 146.00 145.00
144.00
141.00 140.00 139.00 138.00 13700  136.00 135.00 13400  13300  132.00 131.00 13000  12900  128.00 12700  126.00 125.00 124.00 123.00 12200  12100  12000  11900
118.00
图表4.8我总是在图表上从月初保持一个AVWAP。 图  表  ：TC2000.com
始终最好在市场开盘后设置你的止损订单。这样做将让你避免在寻找 止损订单时因人为操纵的低位开盘而抛售股票。交易日的前几分钟可 能波动更大，因为资金雄厚的参与者会“寻找止损订单”。为了避免 初始波动，如果前一个止损单在向下跳空时被成交，我通常使用新一 天前五分钟的最低价作为新的止损点。
本季至今(QTD)
一些机构(养老金和共同基金)会在一个日历季度内做出买入或卖出某只股 票大量头寸的决定。
These decisions are often based around earnings reports.
Chart 4.9 shows the price action for one calendar quarter.Notice how the  AVWAP from the first day of the quarter(1)acted as Support on pullbacks (2).
Some institutions make quarterly decisions to execute massive orders that need time to be filled.Always be aware of the slope ofthe AVWAP as prices approach and test it.The steeper the angle of the AVWAP,the greater the   evidence that buyers are more active than sellers and the more likely it is   that the AVWAP provides Support.Thus,it is more likely that stock will
bounce higher after an AVWAP touch.
ram:
这些决定通常基于盈利报告。
图表4.9显示了某个日历季度的价格走势。注意季度第一天(1)的 AVWAP  如何成为回调(2)时的支撑位。
一些机构会按季度做出决策来执行需要时间的巨额订单。始终要关  : 注价格接近时AVWAP  的斜率，并进行测试。AVWAP   的角度越陡峭， 买方比卖方更活跃的证据就越大，AVWAP  提供支撑的可能性也越高。 因此，AVWAP 被触碰后，股价更有可能反弹上涨。
Telegram:   @Gro
1-Anchor to the startof the new quarterQ22lhegram:    @ Gro     BuysOct            14                 Nov              14                 Dec           14475.00470.00465.00460.00454.24450.00445.00440.00435.00430.00425.00
1-Anchor to the start
of the new quarter
Q
2
2
lhegram:    @ Gro     Buys
Oct            14                 Nov              14                 Dec           14
475.00
470.00
465.00
460.00
454.24
450.00
445.00
440.00
435.00
430.00
425.00
Chart 4.9 An AVWAP from the start of the quarter is often useful.Chart:
StockCharts.com
Year-to-Date(YTD)
It's important to understand how some institutional portfolio managers use
YTD AVWAP.In short,it is part of how they are paid.Fund managers are
paid based not only on the absolute performance of their funds,but also on how   they   perform   relative   to    a   benchmark    index   or    relative   to    the
performance of their portfolio.
1-锚定到开始 的新季度e45424nQ中2gram:  @ GrOct           14                  Nov            14                 Dec450.00445.00440.00435.00430.00425.00475.00470.00465.00460.00142
1-锚定到开始 的新季度
e
45424
n
Q
中
2
gram:  @ Gr
Oct           14                  Nov            14                 Dec
450.00
445.00
440.00
435.00
430.00
425.00
475.00
470.00
465.00
460.00
14
2
图表4.9从季度开始计算AVWAP  通常很有用。图表：
StockCharts.com
年初至今(YTD)
了解一些机构投资组合经理如何使用YTD AVWAP很重要。简而言之， 这是他们获得报酬的一部分。基金经理的报酬不仅基于其基金的绝对   表现，还基于他们相对于基准指数的表现，或相对于其投资组合的表   现。
As an example,a manager who runs a semiconductor fund will want to
make sure his average cost for the semiconductor stocks his fund owns is at least as good as the AVWAP from the first of the year.If the fund manager    buys stocks above the YTD AVWAP,it will hurt the performance of the fund  on a relative basis and,as a result,he will be paid less.If,instead,he is able to purchase the stocks in the portfolio at a price less than the YTD AVWAP, that fund will likely outperform others and he will earn more.
For stocks in strong uptrends,the YTD AVWAP will often act as Support as    fund managers purchase shares at this “fair value”of the stock for the year. Conversely,when the stock is in a downtrend,fund managers will use
rallies up to the YTD AVWAP to lighten up on their positions while the stock is closer to "fair value."
Chart 4.10 shows AVWAPs from the start oftwo different years.The start of a new year(1and 2)is a level that institutions willmeasure risk against,
both in the markets and in their individual stocks.What is often surprising is the AVWAP from the previous year(1)will still take on significance as a   level of Support or Resistance well into the next year.
例如，一位管理半导体基金的经理将希望确保其基金持有的半导体股 票的平均成本至少与年初的AVWAP 相当。如果基金经理在YTD
AVWAP 以上购买股票，它将相对损害基金的表现，结果他将获得更 少的报酬。如果相反，他能够以低于YTD    AVWAP的价格购买投资  组合中的股票，那么该基金可能会超越其他基金，他也将赚得更多。
对于处于强劲上升趋势中的股票，YTD    AVWAP通常会起到支撑作 用，因为基金经理会在此股票的“合理价值”处购买股票。相反，当 股票处于下降趋势时，基金经理会利用上涨至YTD    AVWAP的机会 来减轻仓位，而股票更接近“合理价值”时。
图表4.10显示了两个不同年份开始时的AVWAP 。新年的开始(1和  2)是机构衡量风险的水平，无论是在市场还是在他们各自的股票中。 通常令人惊讶的是，前一年(1)的AVWAP 仍然会在接下来的一年   中作为一个支撑或阻力水平具有重要意义。
2602-Anchored to the start of a new year2Original anchorstill  relevant  15months later个个↑1-Anchored to the beginning of a new yearMy25.5024.50 24.00 23.50 23.0022.50 22.00 21.50 21.00 20.50 20.0019.5019.0018.00 17.5017.0016.00 15.5014.50 14.0013.50 13.00 12.5012.0011.0010.50 10.009.508.50lan            地     M↑ 个个f他
260
2-Anchored to the start of a new year
2
Original anchor
still  relevant  15
months later
个个↑
1-Anchored to the beginning of a new year
My
25.50
24.50 24.00 23.50 23.00
22.50 22.00 21.50 21.00 20.50 20.00
19.50
19.00
18.00 17.50
17.00
16.00 15.50
14.50 14.00
13.50 13.00 12.50
12.00
11.00
10.50 10.00
9.50
8.50
lan            地     M
↑ 个个
f他
Chart 4.10 The AVWAP from the start of the year will be important from day one to
beyond  the  end  of  the  year.Chart:TC2000.com
Anchored VWAP Handoff and Pinch
Handoff
When price speeds up from the original anchor point,we can set a new    additional anchor to help define the stronger momentum.This concept is introduced in Chart 4.11.
26005024.50 24.00 23.50 23.0022.50 22.00 21.5020.50 20.00 19.50  19.00  18.50  18.0017.50  17816.00  15.5014.50 14.0012m12511.00 10.50 10.009.50 9.008.50个个↑1-固定在新年的开始原始锚点'仍然相关1512% 几个月后2-固定在新年的开始Hh↑ 个个
2600
50
24.50 24.00 23.50 23.00
22.50 22.00 21.50
20.50 20.00 19.50  19.00  18.50  18.00
17.50  178
16.00  15.50
14.50 14.00
12m
125
11.00 10.50 10.00
9.50 9.00
8.50
个个↑
1-固定在新年的开始
原始锚点'
仍然相关1512% 几个月后
2-固定在新年的开始Hh
↑ 个个
图表4 . 10从年初开始，AVWAP    将从第一 天起至
年底结束。图表：TC2000.com
锚定VWAP  交接和挤压
交接
当价格从原始锚点加速时，我们可以设置一个新的附加锚点来帮助 定义更强的动量。这个概念在图表4.11中介绍。
The blue AVWAP anchored to the low point shows an uptrend.Stocks can find renewed interest and accelerate dramatically from such an existing  trend.When this occurs,we can set a new AVWAP to help identify this
strength.The new purple AVWAP(1)can help with new entries and stop
蓝色的AVWAP  锚定在低点显示出上升趋势。股票可以从这种现有的趋势 中找到新的兴趣并显著加速。当这种情况发生时，我们可以设置一个新的 AVWAP   来帮助识别这种强度。新的紫色AVWAP(1)     可以帮助新入场和
止 损
placement in open positions.The place we anchor the new AVWAP(1)is
the "Handoff"area.It can also be referred to as a new “layer of momentum.”
Pinch
When we have identified key swing high and key swing low levels and the
stock coils between those two AVWAPs,they pinch together.The “pinch”is  a compression ofenergy(that is,the aggregate of traders'reevaluation of   strategies and their plans to buy or sell as soon as the price breaks one way or the other).When the stock exits the pinch,it is often an excellent trade   in the break's direction.Chart 4.12 is an example of an AVWAP pinch.
1-New   AVWAPas trend theacceleratesAnchor to the swing low7133.50T29 325032.0031.50 31.0030.50  3000 29.50  29.0028.50 280027.50 27.0026.50 26.00 2550  25.0024.50 24.00 23.5023.00 22.5022.00 21.50 21.00 20.50 20.00 19.50  19.00  1850   1800legram:
1-New   AVWAP
as trend the
accelerates
Anchor to the swing low
71
33.50
T29 3250
32.00
31.50 31.00
30.50  3000 29.50  29.00
28.50 2800
27.50 27.00
26.50 26.00 2550  25.00
24.50 24.00 23.50
23.00 22.50
22.00 21.50 21.00 20.50 20.00 19.50  19.00  1850   1800
legram:
Chart   4.11    AVWAP   Handoffs    measure    an   acceleration    of   the    original    trend.Chart:
TC2000.c  om
的放置。我们锚定新AVWAP(1)       的位置是“交接”区域。它也可以被称为 一个新的“动量层。”
捏合
当我们识别出关键的摇摆高点和高点以及股票在这两个AVWAP之间 盘整时，它们会挤压在一起。“挤压”是能量的压缩(即交易者重新 评估策略以及计划在价格向任一方向突破时买入或卖出的总和)。当 股票退出挤压区时，它通常是突破方向的一个绝佳交易。图4.12是一 个AVWAP  挤压的例子。
33.50T29 32503200  31.5031.003050300029.5029.00280027.50 27.00 26.5026.00 2550  25.0024.50 24.00 23.5023.00 22.5022.00 21.50 21.00 20.50 20.00 19.50  19.00  1850   1800I                   ITelegram:@1-新AVWAP  作为趋势的 加速锚定到摆动低_g变成Hh十
33.50
T29 3250
3200  31.50
31.00
3050
3000
29.50
29.00
2800
27.50 27.00 26.50
26.00 2550  25.00
24.50 24.00 23.50
23.00 22.50
22.00 21.50 21.00 20.50 20.00 19.50  19.00  1850   1800
I                   I
Telegram:@
1-新AVWAP  作为趋势的 加速
锚定到摆动低_g
变成Hh
十
图4.11 AVWAP  切换测量原始趋势的加速度。图：TC2000.com
In Chart 4.12,the stock is compressed between the two AVWAPs as energy builds.The  red  AVWAP  from  the  swing  high(1)represents  the  dominant
trend  because  it  is  longer-term.The  green  AVWAP(2)starts  at  the  swing low.
As  the  stock“ping-ponged”between  the  two  AVWAPs,energy  was
compressed until the stock broke the AVWAP  Support represented by the black circle(3).This was  an  excellent place to  short  the  stock.
A stop for this trade might have been placed above the Resistance at the red AVWAP,where  the  three  red  arrows(4)came  together.
1-Anchor toswing high2-Anchor tóswing low4                             1    1                1              1              1                      4169.00 *168.00 167.00 16600  165.00 164.00 163.00 162.00 161.00 160.00 159.00 158.00 157.00 156.00 155.00 154.00 153.00 152.00 151.00 150.00 149.00 148.00 147.00 146.00 145.00 144.00143.0014200141.00140.00
1-Anchor to
swing high
2-Anchor tó
swing low
4                             1    1                1              1              1                      4
169.00 *168.00 167.00 16600  165.00 164.00 163.00 162.00 161.00 160.00 159.00 158.00 157.00 156.00 155.00 154.00 153.00 152.00 151.00 150.00 149.00 148.00 147.00 146.00 145.00 144.00
143.00
14200
141.00
140.00
Chart 4.12 An AVWAP Pinch represents a compression of energy.Chart:TC2000.com
在图4.12中，随着能量的积累，股票在两个AVWAP   之间被压缩。  来自摇摆高点(1)的红色AVWAP 代表主要趋势，因为它更长期。 绿    色AVWAP(2)     从摇摆低点开始。
随着股票在两个AVWAP之间“弹跳”,能量被压缩，直到股票突破了由 黑圈(3)代表的AVWAP  支撑位。这是一个做空股票的绝佳位置。
这笔交易的止损单可能被设置在红色AVWEAP  阻力位上方，那里是三个红色 箭头(4)汇聚的地方。
ee{-     锚  定  到摆动高点_2-Anchor to摆  动  低   点169.00 *168.00167.00 16600  165.00 164.00 163.00 16200  161.00 160.00 159.00 158.00157.D0 156.00 155.00 154.00 153.00 152.00 151.00 150.00 149.00 148.00 147.00 146.00 145.00 144.00 143.0014200141.00140.00
ee{-     锚  定  到
摆动高点_
2-Anchor to
摆  动  低   点
169.00 *168.00
167.00 16600  165.00 164.00 163.00 16200  161.00 160.00 159.00 158.00
157.D0 156.00 155.00 154.00 153.00 152.00 151.00 150.00 149.00 148.00 147.00 146.00 145.00 144.00 143.00
14200
141.00
140.00
II
图4.12 AVWAP捏合代表能量的压缩。图表：TC2000.com
Going Deeper:Anchor to Price Gaps                                         深入探讨：锚定价格缺口
In Chart 4.13,a gap shows up on the chart when there is a large imbalance between supply and demand on the open and the market must open well
above or below the prior day close to find liquidity to fill the opening order. This leaves a “gap”or area where no trades appear on the chart.These
gaps reveal a strong shift in sentiment and become excellent anchor points to measure subsequent action from.This is so important that I wrote
Chapter 9,"AVWAP Gap Trading,"to thoroughly explain it.Chart 4.13,is   one example of an AVWAP from a gap to familiarize the concept before we study it in greater detail.
5AD0,535053005250520051L.50S1.00505050.D049504800Telegr46504拓00455045004450440043.5043004250420541.5041.00 4050  40.00 3950   39.00 18503                  5GAP475047.00
5AD0
,5350
5300
5250
5200
51L.50
S1.00
5050
50.D0
4950
4800
Telegr
4650
4拓00
4550
4500
4450
4400
43.50
4300
4250
4205
41.50
41.00 4050  40.00 3950   39.00 1850
3                  5
GAP
4750
47.00
Chart 4.13 Price gaps show a sudden shift in supply and demand dynamics,which make
them valuable anchor points.Chart:TC2000.com
Chart 4.13 shows the anchor set to the gap in price action.This is the
circled area where the first candle opens higher than the prior day's close.
在图表4.13中，当开盘时供需出现巨大不平衡时，图表上会出现一个 缺口。市场必须大幅高于或低于前一日的收盘价才能找到流动性来满 足挂单。这留下了一个“缺口”或区域，图表上没有出现任何交易。 这些缺口揭示了情绪的强烈转变，并成为衡量后续行动的绝佳锚点。 这如此重要，以至于我写了第9章《AVWAP 缺口交易》,以详细解  释它。图表4.13是一个从缺口到AVWAP  的例子，让我们在深入研究 之前先熟悉这个概念。
5AD0,535053005250520051L.505100505050.00 4950  4000  48548.00 4750  47.00 4659  400455045.00 4450  44004300141.59041.00 4050  40.00 1 950  39.00 10503     4     5GAP42002
5AD0
,5350
5300
5250
5200
51L.50
5100
5050
50.00 4950  4000  485
48.00 4750  47.00 4659  400
4550
45.00 4450  4400
4300
1
41.590
41.00 4050  40.00 1 950  39.00 1050
3     4     5
GAP
4200
2
图4 . 13价格缺口显示了供需动态的突然变化，这使得它们成为有价值的锚点。图：
TC2000.com
图表4.13显示了价格行为中的锚点与缺口。这是第一个蜡烛开盘价高于前一 天收盘价的圆圈区域。
Notice the first test of the gap AVWAP(1)is not quite perfect Support,but   tests(2,3,4,and5)find buyers almost exactly at the AVWAP from the gap.
Notice price action at points 3-5 where the AVWAP is repeatedly tested
with very little bounce in the price.This is a clue that the stock may be
weak(for various reasons participants may collectively lose interest in
buying),and you should raise stops tojust below the low(2)to ensure you book profits before a larger selloff comes.
Market Psychology:The Art of Anchoring
The art of anchor placement is something that makes more sense as you  experiment with using the AVWAP in your daily analysis.It is easy to fall into the trap of "curve fitting"an AVWAP tojustify a level you want to
believe is Support or Resistance.Technical analysis is the study of price action,but more importantly,it is the study of the motivations of other   participants and where they make decisions to buy and sell.
Because the market"has memory,"we want to know the levels that are
most likely to have the highest emotional attachment for other traders and then measure how price action develops around those levels.These levels   are often driven by fundamental catalysts,but they can also be purely price driven.
Risk Management
The fear of missing out(FOMO)can ruin the best laid plans for a trade.
Learn to anticipate the trade setup and then WAIT for price confirmation before you participate in the trade.One technique Iuse to combat FOMO
注意，缺口AVWAP(1)   的第一次测试并非完美的支撑，但测试(2、3、 4和5)几乎在缺口处的AVWAP  找到了买家。
注意价格在3-5点的动作，AVWAP   被反复测试且价格几乎没有反弹。 这是一个线索，表明股票可能较弱(由于各种原因，参与者可能集   体失去购买兴趣),你应该将止损位提高到略低于低点(2),以确  保在更大规模的抛售到来之前锁定利润。
市场心理：锚定艺术
锚定位置的艺术随着你使用AVWAP  在日常分析中实验时，会更有 意义。很容易陷入“曲线拟合”AVWAP   以证明你想要相信的支撑 或阻力水平的陷阱。技术分析是价格动作的研究，但更重要的是， 它是其他参与者动机的研究，以及他们在哪里做出买入和卖出的决 策。
由于市场“有记忆”,我们想知道其他交易者最有可能对哪些水平有 最高的情感依恋，然后测量价格动作如何围绕这些水平发展。这些水 平通常由基本面催化剂驱动，但也可能纯粹由价格驱动。
风险管理
错失恐惧症 (FOMO)  可能会毁掉你最好的交易计划。学会预期交易设置， 然后在参与交易前等待价格确认。我用来对抗FOMO 的一种技术
entries is to set alerts ahead of a potential buy or sell level.Rather than set a buy stop,the alert simply tells me to take a closer look at the stock as it
approaches the key level.When the alert is triggered,I will watch the stock more carefully and decide whether it is time to take action or ifthe stock
needs more time.IfI decide the stock still needs more time for a new
position,I will set a new alert and repeat the process until I decide to enter a trade.This method allows me to become familiar with the short-term
action in the stock and to fine tune any adjustments to my plan,including where to set my stop.
Telegram:
是提前设置潜在的买入或卖出水平的警报。与其设置买入止损，警报  只是告诉我，当股票接近关键水平时，要更仔细地观察它。当警报被   触发时，我会更仔细地观察股票，并决定是否是采取行动的时候，或  者股票还需要更多时间。如果我决定股票仍然需要更多时间来建立新  仓位，我会设置一个新的警报并重复这个过程，直到我决定进入交易。 这种方法让我熟悉股票的短期走势，并微调我对计划的任何调整，包  括在哪里设置止损。
Telegram:@GroupBu      ys  Bot
KEY TAKEAWAYS
·Some  of  the  most  important  levels  to  anchor  the  AVWAP to include:
o Fundamental (news events)
o Price-based/technical events
o  News   events   such   as;earnings   reports,Federal
Reserve announcements,jobs reports,and other Ot institutional publications or press releases
o Time-based events
·AVWAP  techniques  build  on  each  other  and  strategies
can be  formed  based  upon  patterns  or  situations  such  as the“AVWAP  Handoff”and“AVWAP  Pinch.”
·Time-based AVWAP anchors include traditional daily
VWAP as well as week-to-date,month-to-date,quarter- to-date,and year-to-date.
·Price gaps occur from a sudden shift in perception of value  of the  stock  and  those  levels  become  important
关键要点
*一些最重要的用于锚定AVWAP 的级别包括：
o 基本面(新闻事件)
o 基于价格/技术事件
◎新闻事件，如：盈利报告、美联储公告、就业 报告以及其他机构出版物或新闻稿
o 基于时间的事件
*AVWAP   技术相互关联，可以根据模式或情况(如“ AVWAP 交接”和 “AVWAP  挤压”)形成策略。
*基于时间的AVWAP 锚点包括传统的每日VWAP  以及 本周至今、本月至今、本季度至今和本年至今。
*价格差距源于对股票价值的突然转变，这些水平变得重 要
anchor points.
anchor points.
Telegram:@Gro
anchor points.
anchor points.
Telegram:@GroupBuys_Bot
CHAPTER 5
THE AVWAP PINCH
“Energy and persistence conquer all
things.”
-Benjamin Franklin
Telegram:
Chapter         Objectives
1.Recognize a Pinch as it forms
2.Recognize when to get involved in a Pinch
3.Recognize who is in control of a Pinch
4.Understand why a Pinch is not a reason to buy or short a stock
5.How to manage risk when a stock breaks free of a tight Pinch
C  tocks that move out of a Pinch can offer some of the lowest-risk,
highest-probability trend continuation trades.Learn to recognize how   this AVWAP strategy forms and how to trade it effectively for larger profits.
第五章
AVWAP压缩
“能量和毅力可以征服一切。”
—本杰明 · 富兰克林
识别压缩的形成
识别何时应参与一个Pinch
识别谁控制着一个 Pinch
理解为什么一个Pinch   不是买入或做空股票的理由
5. 如何在股票摆脱一个紧密Pinch   时管理风险
从Pinch  中移动的股票可以提供一些风险最低、概率最高的趋势延续交易。 学习如何识别这种AVWAP  策略的形成方式，以及如何有效地交易它以获得更大 的利润 。
Markets are not one dimensional,there are trends within trends.When a longer-term trend begins to pull back,it forms a short-term downtrend
within the longer-term uptrend.An AVWAP Pinch refers to a compression   ofenergy from buyers and sellers for a stock or broad-based market as the  range tightens between two different AVWAPs.The original AVWAP acts as Support or Resistance from the longer-term,more powerful trend.The
newer AVWAP contains price action from the counter-trend(corrective) move within the larger timeframe.
Look for high-probability trades when the shorter-term trend comes into alignment with the longer timeframe trend.The emergence of an AVWAP Pinch is often the start of that alignment.
Market movement occurs with a price(and volume)expansion and
contraction,often alternating.The AVWAP Pinch forms when the battle for control creates a compression ofenergy,represented by a tighter trade
range.Eventually the range breaks and the buyers or sellers take control of the trend to create a new momentum campaign.
While the stock is "in the Pinch,"it is just a setup,not a reason to buy or
sell.We should not take action until it breaks out of the consolidation area  by   making    a   higher-high(long)or    a    lower-low(short).Chart    5.1    shows    how the a Pinch forms between a longer-and shorter-term AVWAP.
In Chart 5.1,we recognize the anchor(1)as a significant low only after the stock has built momentum from that level(2).
As the stock progressed higher,it didn't break to a lower-low until(4).At that point,we know to set an anchor to the highest-high(3).
Then the stock began to "Pinch,"that is staying at a price between the
AVWAP starting(1)and the AVWAP starting(3).When the stock breaks out
市场不是 一 维的，其中存在趋势内的趋势。当长期趋势开始回撤时，
它会在长期上升趋势内形成一个短期下跌趋势。AVWAP   Pinch指
的是在两个不同的AVWAP   之间范围收窄时，买方和卖方对股票或  广泛市场能量的压缩。原始AVWAP  从长期、更强大的趋势中充当  支撑或阻力。新的AVWAP  包含了更大时间框架内反趋势(修正性) 移动的价格行为。
当短期趋势与长期时间周期趋势 一致时，寻找高概率交易。
AVWAP  Pinch的出现通常是这种一致性的开始。
市场运动伴随着价格(和成交量)的扩张和收缩，通常交替发生。当控制权的争夺导 致能量压缩时，AVWAP   Pinch就会形成，表现为更紧密的交易区间。最终区间会突 破，买方或卖方将‘控制趋势’以创造新的动量战役。
当股票处于 “Pinch”     状态时，这只是一个布局，不是买入或卖出的理由。
我们不应采取行动，直到它通过形成更高的高点(长线)或更低低点(短线) 突破整理区域。图5.1显示了Pinch  如何在较长期和短期AVWAP 之间形成。
在图5. 1中，我们只有在股票从该水平(2)建立起动量后，才将锚点(1) 识别为重要低点。
随着股价上涨，它直到(4)才跌破更低低点。在那个点上，我们知道要设置 一个锚点到最高高点(3)。
然后股价开始“挤压”,即维持在AVWAP开始(1)和AVWAP开始(3)之间的价格。当股 价突破挤压(6)时，可以在“最近且最相关的更高低点”附近(5)下方设置止损买入。
of the Pinch(6),it can be purchased with a stop below the “most recent and relevant higher-low”near(5).
3CorrectivemovePinch48.00 347.25  47.00  46.75 46.50 46.25Larger,m ore   powerful trend11                    14          15           5          17           8          21          22          23          24          2552.75  52.50  52.25 52.00  51.75  51.50  51.25  51.00   50.75   50.50  50.25  50.00  49.75  49.50  49.25 49.00  48.75  48.50  48.2545.7 45.50  45.25  45.00  44.75   44.50 44.25  44.00 43.75  43.50562
3
Corrective
move
Pinch
48.00 3
47.25  47.00  46.75 46.50 46.25
Larger,m ore   powerful trend
11                    14          15           5          17           8          21          22          23          24          25
52.75  52.50  52.25 52.00  51.75  51.50  51.25  51.00   50.75   50.50  50.25  50.00  49.75  49.50  49.25 49.00  48.75  48.50  48.25
45.7 45.50  45.25  45.00  44.75   44.50 44.25  44.00 43.75  43.50
5
6
2
Chart 5.1 A Pinch occurs as a stock trades between AVWAPs from the primary and shorter-term    trend.Chart:TC2000.com
How the Pinch Forms
While  the  stock  is  in  a  Pinch,it  is  a  battle  between  buyers  and  sellers.As
the range narrows,it shows a constriction ofenergy,and the stock comes
closer to a state of equilibrium.The dynamic Support and Resistance ranges formed  by  the  converging  AVWAPs  show  the  interplay  of  the   larger
timeframe    trend    and    the    shorter-term    counter    trend    movement
当股价突破挤压(6)时，可以在“最近且最相关的更高低点”附近(5)下方 设置止损买入。
3修正6VPinch     547.5更大，更多 更强大的趋势17                    8                   21          22          23          24         2552.75 53  52.0051.75 51.50 51.25   51.0050.75 50.50 50.25 50.00 49.75 49.5049.25 49.0048.50 48.25 48.0047.25  47.00 46.75  46.50  46.25  46.00  45.75  45.5045.2544.75 44.50  44.25   44.00 43.75  43.5014                     15                    5211
3
修正
6
VPinch     5
47.5
更大，更多 更强大的趋势
17                    8                   21          22          23          24         25
52.75 53  52.00
51.75 51.50 51.25   51.00
50.75 50.50 50.25 50.00 49.75 49.50
49.25 49.00
48.50 48.25 48.00
47.25  47.00 46.75  46.50  46.25  46.00  45.75  45.50
45.25
44.75 44.50  44.25   44.00 43.75  43.50
14                     15                    5
2
11
图5.1当股票在主要趋势和短期趋势的AVWAP之间交易时会发生挤压。图：
TC2000.com
挤压的形成方式
当股票处于紧缩状态时，这是买方和卖方之间的博弈。随着波动范围的收窄， 显示出能量的收缩，股票更接近于均衡状态。由汇聚的AVWAP   形成的动态  支撑和阻力范围显示了更大时间周期趋势和短期反趋势运动的相互作用
(correction).Think of the Pinch like squeezing a spring together,the
energy gets compressed until the spring is let go and an energetic move follows.
Trading volume and price range tend to contract simultaneously during a
counter-trend move(i.e.,a pullbackin an uptrend or short-lived rally in a
primary downtrend).This action shows a lack of near-term certainty by
buyers and sellers. There is no advantage to be involved in the stock as
this battle continues and the stock is “in the pinch.”Instead,we want to watch the stock for the reemergence of the primary trend so we can
participate as the short-term trend comes into alignment with the longer, more powerful trend.While the stock is in the narrow range of a Pinch,we   want to prepare our trade and think through the scenarios of how the trade might  work  out.This  process  is  where  we  develop  our  risk/reward
scenarios.We set alerts on our trade software,so we know the moment price  begins  to  move.Large  moves  often  emerge  from  a  Pinch  as  many   participants are not alert to the quick price changes,so they end up
chasing the momentum.
As  we  discussed  in  Part  One,Chapter  2,stocks  alternate  between  periods  of price range compression and price range expansion.We want to identify
where the range compresses,prior to the next momentum campaign,so
that we can anticipate the breakout of that range.When we buy the stock   as  close  as  we  can  to  the  emergence  of  a  new  trend,we  maximize  gains  and minimize  our  risk.
When trends come into alignment,they present us with low-risk,high- probability  trades.How  we  participate  as  a  stock  breaks  from  a  Pinch  is illustrated,along with the appropriate stop placement,in Chart 5.2.
The stock in Chart 5.2 experienced a strong run from(1)and began to pullback(3)so we set a new AVWAP(in red)back(2).
(修正)。将紧缩想象成挤压弹簧，能量被压缩，直到弹簧被释放， 随后会出现有力的行情变动。
在逆势行情中，交易量和价格区间往往会同时收缩(即，上升趋势中  的回调或主要下降趋势中的短暂反弹)。这种行动表明买卖双方短期  内缺乏确定性。随着这场博弈继续进行，而股票处于“困境”中，参  与其中并无优势。相反，我们希望观察股票主要趋势的重新出现，以  便在短期趋势与更长期、更强大的趋势一致时参与其中。当股票处于  Pinch   的狭窄区间内时，我们希望准备交易并思考交易可能的结果场  景。这个过程是我们制定风险/回报场景的地方。我们在交易软件上设 置警报，以便在价格开始移动时知道。大幅波动往往从Pinch   中产生， 因为许多参与者没有对快速的价格变化保持警惕，结果他们追涨了动
能 。
正如我们在第一部分第二章中讨论的，股票价格会在区间收窄和区间 扩张的时期之间交替。我们希望识别出区间收窄的位置，以便在下一 轮动量行情开始之前，能够预判该区间的突破。当我们尽可能接近新 趋势的出现时买入股票，可以最大化收益并最小化风险。
当趋势形成一致时，它们会为我们提供低风险、高概率的交易机会。股 票从Pinch  突破时我们如何参与，以及适当的止损位设置，在图5.2中进 行了说明。
图表5.2中的股票从(1)开始经历强劲上涨，随后开始回调(3),因此我们在
(2)处设置了一个新的AVWAP (红色)。
The stock then pinched between the green AVWAP that started(1)and the
red  AVWAP  that  started(2).
At(5)the stock made a higher-high above the red AVWAP from the peak(2), so it made sense to purchase the stock with a protective stop loss below(6)  to assure that we take only a small loss if the stock reverses lower.
⑩-New stop25 -3 L      Buy4⑥-Initialstop1-Initial  AVWAPChart 5.230-minute chartillustrating a Pinch.Chart:TC2000.com16.2516.00 15.75 15.50 15.251 5.00 14.75  1 4.50 14.25  14.00  13.7513.50 13.2513.00 12.75 12.50122512.00 11.7511.50 11.2511.00  10.7 5 10.50  10.252-VWAP  from  high8-Newstop 1M
⑩-New stop2
5 -
3 L      Buy
4
⑥-Initial
stop
1-Initial  AVWAP
Chart 5.230-minute chartillustrating a Pinch.Chart:TC2000.com
16.25
16.00 15.75 15.50 15.25
1 5.00 14.75  1 4.50 14.25  14.00  13.75
13.50 13.25
13.00 12.75 12.50
1225
12.00 11.75
11.50 11.25
11.00  10.7 5 10.50  10.25
2-VWAP  from  high
8-New
stop 1
M
Notice  how  the   stock  didn't  immediately  find  the  higher  momentum.If  the
stock  does  not   violate  the  initial  stop(in  this  case  at6),give  the  stock  the
opportunity  to  work.As  the   stock  made   a  new  high(7)we  raised  the   stop  to (8)because  it  is  a  higher-low  after  the  higher-high.With  each  new  high,we
随 后 ，该股票在开始(1)的绿色AVWAP和开始(2)的红色AVWAP之间挤压。
在(5)处，股票在红色AVWAP  上方形成了一个更高的高点，因此在此处买 入股票并在(6)处设置保护性止损位是有意义的，以确保如果股票反转下跌， 我们只承受较小的损失。
2-VWAP  from  high>/       ⑩-New stop2n 3   Buy 4⑥-Initialstopf-  初始AVWAP图表5.230分钟图表，说明 Pinch。图表：TC2000.comII13.75 13.5013.2513.00 1275  12.50122512.00 11.7511.50 11.25 11.0010.7 5 10.50  10.258-Newstop 15-
2-VWAP  from  high
>/       ⑩-New stop2
n 3   Buy 4
⑥-Initial
stop
f-  初始AVWAP
图表5.230分钟图表，说明 Pinch。图表：TC2000.com
II
13.75 13.50
13.25
13.00 1275  12.50
1225
12.00 11.75
11.50 11.25 11.00
10.7 5 10.50  10.25
8-New
stop 1
5-
注意看股票并没有立即找到更高的动能。如果股票没有违反初始止损(在这  个例子中是6),就给股票一个运作的机会。当股票创下新高(7)时，我们  将止损提高到(8),因为这是一个更高低点，发生在更高高点之后。随着每 个新高的出现，我们
raise the stop to under each new higher-low.In Chart 5.2 we raised the stop to the new higher-low(10),when the stock made another new high(9).
When to Get Involved
The ideal time to buy a stock is as it breaks free of a tight range.The
early entry to an emergent trend gives us two advantages.One,we
become involved just as the trend begins,so we have the greatest profit  potential.Two,if the  breakout  cannot  hold,we  can  place  our  stop  close by.
For long positions,we place our stops below the most recent and relevant higher-low and for short sales,we place our stops above the most recent  lower-high.The simple definition of trend tells us there is more
opportunity when we buy stocks in uptrends and short the stocks in
downtrends.All too often,Isee traders fight this commonsense approach and attempt to purchase stocks in downtrends.They are irrationally
anchoredto a previous price level and view it as a bargain while prices
decline.Or they try to short stocks which appear to be “up too much,”
rather than  embrace  the higher probability(and  lower  stress)profits  that
come from an approach that follows the trend.The tighter the stop we
have,the greater share size we can trade while keeping our R-Multiple a constant.
Eventually,one side will take control of the trend.It is most likely that the direction ofthe AVWAP of the longer timeframe will resume it's trend
because “once a trend is established it is more likely to continue than to
reverse."When price comes out of the contraction found in a Pinch,it
shows whether the buyers or the sellers from the longer timeframe AVWAP
将止损提高到每个新的更高低点之下。在图表5.2中，我们将止损提高到新的 更高低点(10),当股票创下又一个新高(9)时。
何时参与
买入股票的理想时机是在它突破一个紧密区间时。早期进入一 个新兴趋势给我们带来两个优势。第一，我们就在趋势开始时 参与，因此我们拥有最大的利润潜力。第二，如果突破无法持 住，我们可以将止损设置在附近。
对于多头仓位，我们将止损设置在最近且相关的最高低点下方，对于空头销 售，我们将止损设置在最近最低高点上方。趋势的简单定义告诉我们，在上 升趋势中买入股票和在下降趋势中做空股票时，机会更多。我经常看到交易 者与这种常识性方法作斗争，并试图在下降趋势中购买股票。他们不合理地 锚定先前的价格水平，并在价格下跌时将其视为便宜货。或者他们试图做空 那些“涨得太高”的股票，而不是拥抱跟随趋势的方法所带来的更高概率
(和更低压力)的利润。我们的止损越紧，我们就能在保持R-Multiple不变 的情况下交易更大的仓位。
最终，一方将控制趋势。最有可能的是，较长时间周期的AVWAP方向将恢复 其趋势，因为“一旦趋势形成，它继续的可能性比反转的可能性更大。”当价 格走出Pinch 中的收缩区域时，它显示了较长时间周期AVWAP的买家或卖家 是否处于控制地位，以及是否合理预期一个可持续的趋势移动已经开始。
are in control and whether it is reasonable to expect that a sustainable trend move has begun.
The longer timeframe participants become emboldened by their profitable positions and are likely to defend the trend.The shorter timeframe
participants,who  bet  on  the  less  powerful,shorter-term  trend,feel
trapped.When feeling trapped,they may exit their losing positions or even flip from short seller to buyer,or buyer to short seller.All of this makes a
continuation of the longer timeframe trend more likely.
In contrast,Chart 5.3 shows a Pinch with a reversal of the longer-term
trend.This stock pinched between red AVWAP that began(1)and the green AVWAP that began(2).As it made a higher-high above the red AVWAP(3),it was time to purchase the stock with a stop(4).
When the stock makes another higher-high(5)we raise the stop to(6).The stock then made a large surge(7).A strong move like this is often an
excellent opportunity to sell part of the stock and then raise the stop on the balance to the higher-low(8).
是否处于控制地位，以及是否合理预期一个可持续的趋势移动已经 开始。
时间周期越长，参与者越倾向于根据其盈利仓位变得大胆，并可能捍 卫趋势。时间周期越短的参与者，则押注于较弱的短期趋势，感觉被 困住。当感觉被困住时，他们可能会退出亏损仓位，甚至从空头转变 为多头，或从多头转变为空头。所有这些使得较长时间周期趋势的延 续变得更加可能。
相比之下，图5.3显示了一个压力位，伴随着长期趋势的反转。这只股票在红 色AVWAP(1)   开始和绿色AVWAP(2)   开始之间被挤压。当它形成高于红 色AVWAP(3)   的新高点时，就是用止损单购买这只股票(4)的时候了。
当股价再次形成更高的高点(5)时，我们将止损位提高到(6)。随后  股价出现了一次大幅拉升(7)。像这样强劲的行情往往是卖出部分股票 并随后将剩余部分的止损位提高到更高的低点(8)的绝佳机会。
15.2515.0014.7514.5014.2514.0013.75 13.5013.253PINGHM4⑤ 89⑥11.0010.7529        10      11      14      15      16      17      18129212.75 12.5012.2512.0011.75 11.50ol2578
15.25
15.00
14.75
14.50
14.25
14.00
13.75 13.50
13.25
3
PINGHM
4
⑤ 8
9
⑥
11.00
10.75
2
9        10      11      14      15      16      17      18
1292
12.75 12.50
12.25
12.00
11.75 11.50
ol25
7
8
Chart 5.3 Another Pinch example which resolved to the upside.Chart:TC2000.com
In  Chart  5.3 we  see(9)that the  shorter-term  green  AVWAP  crosses up
through the longer-term red AVWAP,which was from the initial anchor
point at the then-high(1).Some traders believe an AVWAP cross is useful, but  I've  noticedno  significant  trade  advantage  in  them.
Chart 5.4 shows us why we do not get involved until the actual break of the Pinch occurs.The AVWAP pinch is typically(not always)resolved in the
direction  of the  primary  trend.
15.2515.0014.7514.5014.2514.0013.75 13.5013.25129212.7512.50 12.2512.0011.75 11.5011.25 11.0010.757
15.25
15.00
14.75
14.50
14.25
14.00
13.75 13.50
13.25
1292
12.75
12.50 12.25
12.00
11.75 11.50
11.25 11.00
10.75
⑤ 8
39
3
PINGHM⑥
PINGHM
b
图5.3另一个向上解决的Pinch 案例。图：TC2000.com
在图5.3中我们看到(9),短期绿色AVWAP向上穿越了长期红色
AVWAP,   而长期红色AVWAP  是从当时的最高点(1)开始的锚点。一些  交易者认为AVWAP穿越是有用的，但我并未发现它们有显著的交易优势。
图表5.4显示了我们为何在Pinch   实际发生断裂之前不会介入。
AVWAP    Pinch通常(并非总是)会沿着主要趋势的方向得到解决。
Not all pinches will resolve in the direction of the longer,more powerful trend.
The stock in Chart 5.4 pinched(3)between the AVWAPs'anchor points
(green at 1 and red at 2).Because we know atrend once established is more likely to continue with the primary trend,we would have expected an
upside move beyond the red AVWAP(2).Instead,the stock broke a lower- low(4)and then experienced a large and fast move lower.
legram:
并非所有Pinch   都会沿着更长时间、更强大的趋势方向得到解决。
图5.4中的股票在AVWAP的锚点(绿色在1和红色在2)之间被挤压(3)。 因为我们知道一旦趋势确立更有可能继续与主要趋势，所以我们预期股票会 向上突破红色AVWAP(2) 。 相反，股票打破了一个更低低点(4),然后 经历了一次大而快速的下跌。
Telegram:@GroupBuy
24     25     28      1      2      3      4       7      8       9      10     11D1.1957.0056.0055.0054.0053.0052.0051.0050.0049.0048.0047.0046.0045.0044.00Primary  Trendfelegram:@2                m   Corrective   MoveFailure
24     25     28      1      2      3      4       7      8       9      10     11
D1.19
57.00
56.00
55.00
54.00
53.00
52.00
51.00
50.00
49.00
48.00
47.00
46.00
45.00
44.00
Primary  Trend
felegram:@
2                m   Corrective   Move
Failure
Chart 5.4 Wait for price to come out of the Pinch before you take action to buy or sell. Chart:TC2000.com
This  type  of  move   shows  why  it  is  important  to  wait  for  price   confirmation to break higher before we buy.If you purchased before the upward
momentum was established,you would have seen a large and unnecessary
loss.
C Corrective      Move5605005300失 败51.00500049.00主要趋势48,00Telegram:@47.0046.0045.0044.0057505200
C Corrective      Move
560
500
5300
失 败
51.00
5000
49.00
主要趋势
48,00
Telegram:@
47.00
46.00
45.00
44.00
5750
5200
图5.4在价格脱离阻力位后再采取买入或卖出行动。图： TC2000.com
这种走势显示了为什么在价格上涨之前等待价格确认突破才买入是 很重要的 。 如果你在向上动能确立之前买入 ， 你会看到一次大而不 必要的损失 。
Some traders might think the failure of the upside break was an
opportunity  for  a  short  sale.Remember,this  book  is  not  about  counter-    trend  trades  or  "fading  the  trend."We  are  focused  on  trend-based  trades, which is the higher probability of success way to trade.Readers are
encouraged to use the information in this book to enhance their favorite trade  strategies,whatever  they  may  be.
Market Psychology:Recognize Who has Control
You may be familiar with names of patterns such as:head and shoulders,    triangles,flags,pennants,and   cup    and   handle.These   patterns    represent   a contraction  of price range,which then typically  leads  to  a  continuation  of  the  price  trend.
We can also apply the concepts we learned about the AVWAP Pinch to those patterns  on  all  timeframes.The  compression  ofrange  simply  represents
the tug of war between buyers and  sellers as they wrestle for control of the trend.The emergence of a new trend out of this compression shows which  side  has  gained  control(buyers  or  sellers)and  it  becomes  their  game  to
lose.We  can never  fully trust that the buyers  or  sellers will maintain   control once the new trend emerges,which is why risk management is always job number one.
Ifa move  does not  continue in the  anticipated  direction,we want to place our stop to ensure that any exit minimizes the risk of a large capital loss. When the  stock does move in the  expected direction,ourjob becomes risk management  for  the  open  position.
Winners  do  not  take  care  ofthemselves.Chart  5.5  shows  an  inverted  head and shoulders pattern which is further defined by the AVWAP Pinch.
一些交易者可能会认为向上突破的失败是一个做空的机会。记住， 这本书不是关于逆势交易或“逆势操作”的。我们专注于基于趋势 的交易，这是交易中成功率更高的方式。鼓励读者使用本书中的信 息来增强他们最喜欢的交易策略，无论是什么。
市场心理：识别谁掌控着局面
您可能熟悉一些模式的名字，例如：头肩顶、三角形、旗形、三角旗 形和杯柄形态。这些模式代表价格范围的收缩，这通常会引致价格趋 势的延续。
我们也可以将关于AVWAP    Pinch学到的概念应用于所有时间框架上 的这些模式。范围的压缩简单地代表了买方和卖方之间的拉锯战，他 们争夺着趋势的控制权。从这个压缩中形成的新趋势显示了哪一方已 经获得了控制权(买方或卖方),这成为他们需要输掉的游戏。 一旦 新趋势出现，我们永远无法完全相信买方或卖方会保持控制权，这就 是为什么风险管理永远是第一要务。
如果移动没有继续预期的方向，我们希望放置我们的停止以确保任何退出 最小化重大资本损失的风险。当股票确实按预期方向移动时，我们的工作 变成了对开放头寸的风险管理。
赢家不照顾自己。图5.5显示了一个倒转头肩模式，该模式进一步由 AVWAP   Pinch定义。
If you are familiar with the classic chart pattern,the “head and shoulders,” Chart 5.5 shows how the AVWPA adds further clarity to an inverted head
and shoulders pattern.For simplicity I've labeled Left Shoulder (LS),Head (H),and Right Shoulder(RS).
57.50 57.00 56.50 56.00 55.5055.00 54.5054.0053.5053.19Buy      5N052.0043               51.5051.00 ! 50.5050.005-Stop49.50048.50  48.00RSFeb                              HDynamic Resistance at3Dee                                       JanAVWAPLS52.503
57.50 57.00 56.50 56.00 55.50
55.00 54.50
54.00
53.50
53.19
Buy      5N0
52.00
4
3               51.50
51.00 ! 50.50
50.00
5-Stop49.500
48.50  48.00
RS
Feb                              H
Dynamic Resistance at
3
Dee                                       Jan
AVWAP
LS
52.50
3
Chart 5.5 AVWAP overlaid on an inverted“head and shoulders”pattern.LS=left
shoulder;H=head;RS=right shoulder.Chart:TC2000.com
Once the stock broke below $54 per share(2)we knew to set an anchor to   the recent high(1).Then the stock formed the inverted head and shoulders pattern.The AVWAP from the peak(1)then acted as Resistance at points    (3)where buyers tested the price.
As the right shoulder made a higher-low,we then anchored a new AVWAP   (green)back at the candle at the bottom of the head.At(4)the stock made a
如果你熟悉经典的图表模式，“头肩”模式，图5.5显示了AVWPA  如何为 倒转头肩模式增加进一步清晰度。为简单起见，我标记了左肩 (LS)、 头 部 (H) 和右肩 (RS)。
57.50 57.00 56.50 56.00 55.5055.00 54.502     Ippeeramer阻力位在AVWAPi.           54.0053.19in kit吧    50.00 5-Stop409.5048.5048.00RS H wBuy     52.0043                      51.50 51.0050.505N52.50LS53.50Feb
57.50 57.00 56.50 56.00 55.50
55.00 54.50
2     Ippeeramer阻力位在AVWAPi.           54.00
53.19
in kit
吧    50.00 5-Stop409.50
48.50
48.00
RS H w
Buy     52.00
4
3                      51.50 51.00
50.50
5N
52.50
LS
53.50
Feb
图5.5 AVWAP   叠加在倒置的“头肩”形态上。LS   左肩；Hl 头部；RS     右肩。图 ：
TC2000.com
一旦股价跌破每股54美元(2),我们就知道要设置一个锚点到最近的近 期高点(1)。然后股价形成了倒置的头肩形态。从峰值(1)开始的
AVWAP阻力位在点(3)处，买家在此测试价格。
随着右肩形成了一个更高低点，我们在头部最低的蜡烛处重新锚定了一个新 的AVWAP (绿色)。在(4)处，股票形成了一个
higher-high.This  is  where  the  stock  could  be  bought  with  a  stop  just  below the most recent and relevant higher-low(5).
In  Charts  5.6  and  5.7,we  see  an  example  of  a  stock  in  a  longer-term  uptrend that  broke  out  of  the  Pinch  in  the  opposite  direction  of  the  primary  trend.It is  important  to  always  wait  for  price  confirmation  before  you  put  your
hard-earned  money  at  risk  while  the  stock  is  in  a  Pinch.
The  stock  in  Chart  5.6  showed  two  important  anchor  points  with  large  gaps on  the  day  the  company  reported  earnings.At  the  first  earnings  report,
AVWAP(1)didn't  show  its  significance  as  Support  until  after  the  2nd AVWAP(2)was    set.
2 Anchor to earnings gapPINCHSupporteD01 Anchor to earnings gap130.00128.00126.00124.00122.00120.00118.00116.00114.00 112.00110.00 108.00106.00104.00102.00 100.0098.0096.0094.0092.0090.00 88.0086.0084.0082.0080.0078.00 76.00 74.0072.0070.00Resistance
2 Anchor to earnings gap
PINCH
Support
e
D
0
1 Anchor to earnings gap
130.00
128.00
126.00
124.00
122.00
120.00
118.00
116.00
114.00 112.00
110.00 108.00
106.00
104.00
102.00 100.00
98.00
96.00
94.00
92.00
90.00 88.00
86.00
84.00
82.00
80.00
78.00 76.00 74.00
72.00
70.00
Resistance
-              Sep                       Cet                       Nov                     Dec                        Jv
更高高点。这就是股票可以在最近且相关的更高低点(5)下方设置止损 的地方。
在图表5.6和5.7中，我们看到一个股票的例子，它在长期上升趋势中 突破了压力位，并且突破的方向与主要趋势相反。在股票处于压力位 时，重要的是在将辛苦赚来的钱冒险之前等待价格确认。
图5.6中的股票在报告业绩的那一天显示出两个重要的支撑点，且存在较大 的缺口。在首次业绩报告时，AVWAP(1)    并未显示出其作为支撑的重要 性，直到2号AVWAP(2)    被设置之后。
27锚定到盈利缺口iPINCHSupport中L1锚定到盈利缺口130.00128.00126.00124.00122.00120.00118.00116.00114.00 112.00110.00108.00106.00 104.00102.00100.0098.0096.0094.0092.0090.00 88.0086.0084.0082.0080.00 78.00 76.00 74.0072.0070.00Resistancea          e
27锚定到盈利缺口i
PINCH
Support
中L
1锚定到盈利缺口
130.00
128.00
126.00
124.00
122.00
120.00
118.00
116.00
114.00 112.00
110.00
108.00
106.00 104.00
102.00
100.00
98.00
96.00
94.00
92.00
90.00 88.00
86.00
84.00
82.00
80.00 78.00 76.00 74.00
72.00
70.00
Resistance
a          e
Chart 5.6 The primary trend is higher so it would be expected to continue higher.Chart:
TC2000.com
In late December and early January,the first AVWAP(green)showed
repeated Support(green arrows)for the stock.The AVWAP from the 2nd
earnings report(red)showedstrong  Resistance(red  arrows)and  it
resulted in the stock getting pinched.We would monitor this stock for a
potential upside break.Chart 5.7 shows that a break in the direction is not   assured.Point(3)shows how the price broke lower than the longer upward trend(the first AVWAP in green).
Chart 5.7 uses the same stock as Chart 5.6.This time,we see the result of trading after a third earnings report(3)was issued.This was a genuine    surprise to the market,as the stock failed miserably after that report.
Notice how the stock continued lower for the next month after the earnings report(4).There are three lessons here.One,do not purchase a stock while it is in the trendless period of a Pinch.Two,new purchases of a stock before  earnings releases can be perilous.Three,there is no rush to buy stocks that might   appear  to  be   a   “value”after   a   large   selloff
图5.6主要趋势向上，因此预计将继续向上。图表：TC2000.com
在12月底和1月初，第一个AVWAP   (绿色)显示了多次对股票的支撑(绿  色箭头)。来自第二份盈利报告(红色)的AVWAP   显示了强烈的阻力(红 色箭头),并导致股票被压制。我们将监控这只股票，以观察潜在的向上突 破。图表5.7显示，方向的突破并不确定。点(3)显示了价格如何低于更长 的上升趋势(第一个绿色的AVWAP)。
图表5.7使用了与图表5.6相同的股票。这一次，我们看到在第三份盈利报告
(3)发布后交易的结果。这对市场来说是一个真正的惊喜，因为该股票在那 份报告后表现惨淡。
注意，在盈利报告(4)发布后，股价在接下来的一个月里继续下跌。  这里有三个教训。第一，不要在 Pinch 的无趋势时期购买股票。第二， 在盈利报告发布前购买股票可能很危险。第三，在大幅抛售后，不要   急于购买那些看起来像是“价值”的股票。
Anchor toearnings gap↓3EarningsAnchor           toearni ngs  gapAuq                  Sep                    Oet                    Nov                 Dec132.UU   130.00 128.00 126.00 124.00 122.00 120.00 118.00 116.00 114.00 112.00 110.00 108.00 106.00 104.00 102.00 100.00 98.00   96.00   94.00   92.00   90.0088.00 86.00 84.00 82.0080.0078.00 76.00 74.00 72.00 70.00 67.49 66.00   64.0062.00 60.00 58.00 56.00 54.00 52.00pB 4Jan                   Feb               Mar雌
Anchor to
earnings gap
↓
3
Earnings
Anchor           to
earni ngs  gap
Auq                  Sep                    Oet                    Nov                 Dec
132.UU   130.00 128.00 126.00 124.00 122.00 120.00 118.00 116.00 114.00 112.00 110.00 108.00 106.00 104.00 102.00 100.00 98.00   96.00   94.00   92.00   90.00
88.00 86.00 84.00 82.00
80.00
78.00 76.00 74.00 72.00 70.00 67.49 66.00   64.00
62.00 60.00 58.00 56.00 54.00 52.00
pB 4
Jan                   Feb               Mar
雌
Chart    5.7    Not    allpinches    will    be    resolved    in    the     direction    of    the    primary    trend.Chart:
TC200 0.com
Market   Psychology:How   Committed Are  Buyers  and  Sellers?
If prices move quickly and have larger than normal volume levels,it can
show us there may be traders and investors from different timeframes
competing for the available supply(upside breaks).This behavior is known as a “range break.”An opportunity to buy after a pull back might not
is2uu130.00128.00 I26.00 24.0022.00120.00118.0011600114.001I2.00110.00 10800  106.00104.0010200100.00 98.00   96.00   94.00   92.00   90.0088.00 86.00 84.0082.0080.00760074.00ee to盈利差距Anchor  to  sy  earnings   gap.W600058.00 56.00 54.0052.00EarningsB3
is2uu
130.00
128.00 I26.00 24.00
22.00
120.00
118.00
11600
114.00
1I2.00
110.00 10800  106.00
104.00
10200
100.00 98.00   96.00   94.00   92.00   90.00
88.00 86.00 84.00
82.00
80.00
7600
74.00
ee to
盈利差距
Anchor  to  sy  earnings   gap.
W
6000
58.00 56.00 54.00
52.00
Earnings
B
3
图5.7并非所有缺口都将沿着主要趋势方向得到解决。图： TC2000.com
市场心理：买方和卖方的承诺有多坚定?
如果价格快速移动且成交量水平异常高，这可能表明不同时间框架的 交易者和投资者正在争夺有限的供应(向上突破)。这种行为被称为 “区间突破”。在回调后买入的机会可能不
present itself for several days.The speed of a range break can reveal how motivated one side is and may change your entry technique.
This can be especially true of stocks that break out when they are
accompanied  by  a  fundamental  event,such  as  an  earnings  report.The  stock in Chart 5.8 came out ofits Pinch with a small gap(7).
As  always,the  concepts  and  setups  discussed  occur  in  all  timeframes.Chart 5.8 is constructed of 1-minute candles for the first 50 minutes of this day.
Anchor(1)occurred  at  the  start  of the  day  after  the  stock  gapped significantly higher  from the previous  day  close.
Initially,buyers held control of the stock,but then it broke below the daily VWAP(red)(2).
A day trader could start a short position with a stop above the high of the day(3).After  the  initial  bounce,the  stock  found  Resistance  at  the  daily
VWAP(4  and  5)and  stops  could  be  lowered tojust  above these  short-term peaks.A  new  AVWAP(green)was  anchored  to  the  new  lower-low(6).The  selling sped up(7)as the stock gapped below the AVWAP from(6).
Longer-term traders may look at this and not see the value of trading on a 1-minute  chart,but  shorter-term  traders  could  have  the  opportunity  to
profit from more than a 2-point decline in less than an hour.
持续数天出现。区间突破的速度可以揭示一方有多大的动力，并可能改变 你的入场技巧。
这尤其适用于在基本面事件(如盈利报告)伴随下突破的股票。图 5.8中的股票从其挤压状态以一个小缺口(7)突破出来。
一如既往，讨论的概念和设置发生在所有时间框架中。图5.8由当天  的前50分钟内的1分钟蜡烛图构成。锚点(1)发生在股票从前一天收 盘价显著跳高后当天的开始时。
最初，买方控制着股票，但随后它跌破每日VWAP  (红色)(2)。
日内交易者可以从当天的最高价(3)上方开始一个短头寸，并设置止
损：在初步反弹后，股票在每日VWAP(4   和5)处遇到阻力，止损可
以降低到这些短期峰值的上方。一个新的AVWAP  (绿色)锚定在新的
更低低点(6)。当股票从(6)处跳空低于AVWAP时，卖方加速(7)。
长期交易者可能会看到这一点，但并不认为在1分钟图上交易有价值，
但短期交易者可能会在不到一个小时的时间里从超过2点的下跌中获利。
3370.50370.00369.50 369.00368.50 368.00 367.504
3
370.50
370.00
369.50 369.00
368.50 368.00 367.50
5
2
1
7
6
36701
366.50
366.00
365.50 365.00
364.50
40C                                    945                    1500                   1015    3411
Chart 5.8 A1-minute chart.The gap(7)shows a more motivated group of sellers.Chart:
TC2000.com
The Anchored VWAP Pinch is a setup that typically gives us plenty of time to anticipate the trade setup as the stock “ping pongs”between the two    significant AVWAP levels.You may be tempted to enter the stock before it
exits the Pinch and makes a higher-high(longs)or lower-low(shorts)but, as we saw with the preceding examples,an AVWAP Pinch is not areason  to buy or short the stock.
We should enter the trade when the stock breaks out of the Pinch to participate in the emergent momentum.Of course no trade plan is   complete without setting a stop after the entry to protect against
catastrophic losses.
370.50
370.00
369.50 369.00
368.50 368.00 367.50
36701
366.50366.00365.50 365.00364.50o 只
366.50
366.00
365.50 365.00
364.50
□
II                                                                                 III                                           IⅢI
图表5.8 A1  分钟图表。缺口(7)显示了一群更有动力的卖家。图表：
TC2000.com。
锚   定VWAP       捏合是一种通常给我们足够的时间来预期交易设置 的设置，因为股票在两个重要的AVWAP   水平之间“弹跳”。 您可能会在股票退出捏合并形成更高高点(多头)或更低低点 (空头)之前进入股票，但正如我们从前面的例子中看到的， AVWAP   捏合并不是买入或做空股票的理由。
当股票突破压力位时，我们应该入场以参与新兴的动能。当然，
没有在入场后设置止损的交易计划是不完整的，以防止灾难性 的 损 失 。
Risk Management                                             风险管理
Trends are not one dimensional,there are trends within trends,and therefore we wait for price confirmation before getting involved.
An AVWAP Pinch is most likely to break in the direction of the primary    trend.The tighter the pinch,the more likely it is to experience a powerful break.When a stock breaks free of a tight pinch,we can keep close stops and trade more shares with the same R-Multiple at risk.
legram:                             Bot
趋势不是一维的，存在趋势中的趋势，因此我们在参与前等待价格确 认。
AVWAP     Pinch最有可能在主要趋势的方向上破裂。挤压越紧，越 有可能经历强大的突破。当股票从紧挤压中突破时，我们可以保持 紧密止损，并以相同的R-Multiple 承担更多股票的交易风险。
Telegram:@Group     Buys_Bot
KEY TAKEAWAYS·An AVWAP Pinch is a tightening of the price range.·   The break of the Pinch often leads to excellent trend trades.·The action point of an AVWAP Pinch is when it breaks free of it's consolidation.·The ideal time to buy a stock is as it breaks free of a tight  range.The early entry to an emergent trend gives us two advantages.One,we become involved just  as the trendbegins,so  we  have  the  greatest  profit  potential.Two,ifthe breakout cannot hold,we can place our stop close by.·It  is  more  important  to understand the psychology  of how a Pinch is formed than it is to simply recognize patternformations.·   Not all Pinches will be resolved in the direction of theprimary trend,which is why we wait for price to confirm the break before we get involved.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
·An AVWAP Pinch is a tightening of the price range.
·   The break of the Pinch often leads to excellent trend trades.
·The action point of an AVWAP Pinch is when it breaks free of it's consolidation.
·The ideal time to buy a stock is as it breaks free of a tight  range.The early entry to an emergent trend gives us two advantages.One,we become involved just  as the trend
begins,so  we  have  the  greatest  profit  potential.Two,if
the breakout cannot hold,we can place our stop close by.
·It  is  more  important  to understand the psychology  of how a Pinch is formed than it is to simply recognize pattern
formations.
·   Not all Pinches will be resolved in the direction of the
primary trend,which is why we wait for price to confirm the break before we get involved.
关键要点
AVWAP   Pinch是价格区间的收紧。
Pinch 的突破往往能带来绝佳的趋势交易。
AVWAP   Pinch的动作点是指它突破其盘整区域时。
买入股票的理想时机是当它突破一个紧密区间时。早期 进入一个新兴趋势给我们带来两个优势。第一，我们刚 趋势开始时就参与其中，因此利润潜力最大。第二，如 果突破无法持住，我们可以将止损设置在附近。
理解Pinch  形成时的心理比单纯识别模式形成更为重要。
并非所有Pinch 都会在主要趋势的方向上得到解决，这 就是为什么我们要等待价格确认突破后再参与。
·   AVWAP Pinches are formed and are actionable on all timeframes.
Telegram:@Gro
·   AVWAP Pinches are formed and are actionable on all timeframes.
Telegram:@GroupBuys_Bot
CHAPTER 6
NEW ANCHOR
POINTS INA TREND (THE HANDOFF)
“We ought neither to fasten our ship to   one small anchor,nor our life to a single hope.”
—Epictetus
Chapter Objectives
1.Define“Handoff”
2.Identify  a  Handoffin  uptrends,downtrends,and  in   all timeframes
3.How to time entries and exits using Handoffs
4.When to combine Handoff and Pinch
第六章
趋势中的新锚点 (交接)
“我们既不应将船系在一根小锚上，也 不应将生命系于一个希望。”
—爱比克泰德
章 节 目 标
1.定义“交接”
2.在上升趋势、下降趋势以及所有时间段中识别一个交接点
3.   如何使用Handoffs   计时出入
4,何时合并Handoff  和Pinch
A  s we have learned,primary trends rarely move in a smooth line.They
几    1s…low ddow…n and s~peed up at…v:…ariousm :tpLoofints before an even…t1u-al rever~1sal.
This is why we will have multiple anchor points on a chart.When a trend
accelerates from the original anchor point,in either direction,it is useful to create a new AVWAP to help measure the renewed momentum.This gives    us the ability to better define and manage risk for existing positions,as well as for new entries.
We anchor a new AVWAP when a trend begins to accelerate after the
original AVWAP was touched(or nearly touched).This is our "Handoff
point,"a term I coined.A Handoff helps us to visualize and take advantage of the changes in the rate of momentum in a primary trend.
t
We leave the original or preceeding AVWAP on the chart for future
reference because the stock will often find Support(in uptrends)or
Resistance(in downtrends)at or near that original Handoff point.In this chapter's charts you'll see my own best practice of changing the new
AVWAP's color with each new anchor point.
Handoffs  in  an  Uptrend
The best tool I have to explain Handoffs is through example.Please look at the Chart 6.1 and follow the comments.
This stock was in a downtrend(A)prior to the low(1)in April.We can't
know that(1)is an important level(either high or low)until the price
moves significantly.At(2)the significant upward movement away from(1)
如我们所学，主要趋势很少以平滑的线条移动。它们在各个点会减速 和加速，最终发生反转。这就是为什么我们在图表上会有多个锚点。 当趋势从原始锚点加速，无论方向如何，创建一个新的AVWAP   以帮 助衡量重新获得的动量是有用的。这使我们能够更好地定义和管理现 有头寸的风险，以及为新入场提供支持。
当原始AVWAP 被触及(或几乎触及)后，趋势开始加速时，我们  会锚定一个新的AVWAP 。这是我们所说的“交接点”,是我创造  的术语。交接点帮助我们可视化并利用主要趋势中动量变化的速度。
我们将原始或之前的AVWAP   保留在图表上以供将来参考，因为  股票通常会在原始交接点或附近找到支撑(在上升趋势中)或阻力 (在下降趋势中)。在本章的图表中，你会看到我个人最佳实践：
随着每个新的锚定点，更改新AVWAP   的颜色。
上升趋势中的交接点
解释交接点的最佳工具是通过示例。请查看图表6.1并跟随注释。
这只股票在4月份的低点(1)之前处于下跌趋势 (A) 。 直到价格显著移动 后，我们才能知道(1)是一个重要水平(无论是高点还是低点)。在(2) 处，显著的向上移动远离(1)
indicated that(1)was an important low.This is when we set our initial anchor(1).
As the stock progressed higher over the next several months,the
momentum remained until the pullback in October(3).Since the stock   quickly bounced from the original AVWAP(green)and showed renewed upward momentum from(3),we set a new anchor(and a new AVWAP in blue)(3).The "Handoff'hasjust taken place from green to blue.
IX.00I8.008IC.00I0.000口    8N.D01410.000蜘2-Area   when   weset first anchor°03-First handoff20.00]1 -Initial anchor心                    .u                         Ckt                                             A 心                    M.                        Cxt                                             467-Third 5-               handoffSecondhandoff50.0000.0010.20010.D0]A60.50]0.001
IX.00
I8.008
IC.00
I0.000
口    8
N.D01
4
1
0.000
蜘
2-Area   when   we
set first anchor
°
0
3-First handoff
20.00]
1 -Initial anchor
心                    .u                         Ckt                                             A 心                    M.                        Cxt                                             4
6
7-Third 5-               handoff
Second
handoff
50.000
0.001
0.200
10.D0]
A
60.50]
0.001
Chart  6.1  Stock  in  an uptrend on  a weekly timeframe with three different Handoffpoints
(producing  four  AVWAPs).Chart:TC2000.com
表明(1)是一个重要的低点。这就是我们设置初始锚点(1)的时候。
随着股价在接下来的几个月里持续上涨，动能在10月的回调(3)之 前一直保持。由于股价迅速从最初的AVWAP   (绿色)反弹，并从
(3)显示出新的上涨动能，我们设定了 一 个新的锚点(并在蓝色中 设定了新的AVWAP)(3) 。   “交接”刚刚从绿色切换到蓝色。
I'C.00
10.000
0.00]8
0.00]
间.D00P
间.D00
4
”0.0006     6   哗
”
0.000
2- 当我们设置第一个锚点60.50]7-Third 5-             handoff
2- 当我们
设置第一个锚点
60.50]
50.D000.001Second
50.D00
0.001
handoff
A
0.200
3-First handoff
20.000]
1-Initial anchor
uDGO
■           ■
图6.1周时间框架上的上升趋势中的股票，有三个不同的Handoffpoints (产生四个 AVWAP) 。 图 ：TC2000.com
The stock continued to show strength for the next eight months until a
pullback in August(4)saw a test of the blue AVWAP that had been anchored at  the  first  Handoff(3).
At(5)the stock bounced from our blue AVWAP,indicating a more
aggressive  source  of  demand.By  setting  a  new  anchor  at(5)and  using  red as the color for the newest AVWAP,we can capture the essence of the
demand.The  second  Handoff  has  taken  place(5).
At(7)the stock continued down to the blue AVWAP that we had anchored (3)and once again  found buyers.As the  speed  of the upward momentum   increased,we recognized a new control point to hand off with another
AVWAP(in   purple)(7).
When  we  have  several  Handoff points  on  the  chart,it  looks  like  there  are different  “layers”of trend  to  measure,which  is  why  we  can  also  refer  to  an AVWAP Handoff as layering.
Going Deeper:Entry and Exit with
Uptrend Handoffs
Chart 6.2 uses a different stock to show how to implement Handoffs.Our
goal  is  to  enter  an  existing  trend  at  low-risk,high-probability  points.This  is an important strategy that helps us avoid FOMO purchases and take
unnecessary  risk  by  entering  with  renewed  momentum.
股价在接下来的八个月内继续显示出强势，直到8月的回调(4)测试了在第 一次“交接”(3)时锚定的蓝色AVWAP。
在(5)处，股价从我们的蓝色AVWAP   反弹，表明需求来源更加激进。通 过在(5)处设置新的锚点，并将红色用作最新的AVWAP  颜色，我们可以 捕捉需求的本质。第二次Handoff 已经发生(5)。
在(7)处，股价继续下跌至我们锚定的蓝色AVWAP(3),   并再次找到买 家。随着向上动量的速度增加，我们识别出新的控制点以Handoff, 并 使用另一个AVWAP (紫色)(7)。
当图表上有多个 Handoff    点时，看起来像是不同的“趋势层”需
要测量，这就是为什么我们也可以将AVWAPHandoff       称为分层：
深入探讨：上升趋势Handoff 的入 场和出场
图表6.2使用不同的股票来展示如何实施转手。我们的目标是进入低风险、 高概率的现有趋势点。这是一个重要的策略，它帮助我们避免FOMO 购买， 并通过以新的势头入场来避免不必要的风险。
28.D0 27.00  26.00  25.002 40023.00 22.0021.00 2000  1900   180017.00 16.00 15.00 14.00 13.00 1200  11.0010.00 928.00 7.00 6.00 5.004.00Qut                                          Now62   A                       4                 Sep3                      51211087
28.D0 27.00  26.00  25.00
2 400
23.00 22.00
21.00 2000  1900   1800
17.00 16.00 15.00 14.00 13.00 1200  11.00
10.00 92
8.00 7.00 6.00 5.00
4.00
Qut                                          Now
6
2   A                       4                 Sep
3                      5
12
1
10
8
7
Chart 6.2 Daily chart in an uptrend with entries(green dots using odd numbers)and
stop    levels(blue     arrows     using    even     numbers)based     on    the     Handoff    technique.Chart:
TC2000.com
At(1),the new uptrend begins for the stockin Chart6.2 and the green
AVWAP is anchored there.Notice that there are two Handoff points(4 and
8)chosen several days after the stock touched the green AVWAP and more   invigorated buyers appeared.The smart trader would choose these Handoff points to anchor new AVWAPs(blue at 4 and purple at 8)in light of strong    price movements away from the touches.These Handoffs show a renewed
commitment of buyers,which makes themimportant levels.
The chart shows several examples(green dots)of where we might want to purchase this stock as it came back to test the blue and purpose AVWAPs    from the Handoff points.The even numbers without dots(2,4,6,8,10,and  12)show where people who purchased at the pullback to the most recent   AVWAP may have purchased.
A岭                        Sep                                                  Qut图6.2每日：使用Handoff 技术绘制的图表呈上升趋势，包含入场点(绿色圆点-使用奇数)和止损位(蓝 色箭头-使用偶数)。图表：TC2000.com
A岭                        Sep                                                  Qut
在(1)处，图表6.2中的股票开始新的上升趋势，并且绿色
AVWAP 就锚定在那里。请注意，在股票触及绿色AVWAP  几天后， 出现了更积极的买家，选择了两个转手点(4和8)。聪明的交易者会  根据强劲的价格运动远离触及点，选择这些转手点来锚定新的
AVWAP(4    处为蓝色，8处为紫色)。这些转手点显示了买家重新 承诺的意愿，这使得它们成为重要的水平。
该图表展示了几个示例(绿点),即我们可能希望购买该股票的地 方，因为它回到了测试蓝色和目的AVWAP   的 Handoff  点。没有 点的偶数(2、4、6、8、10和12)显示了在最近AVWAP 的回调 时购买的人可能购买的地方。
In all the instances except(12),buying as the stock first touches the
AVWAP would have resulted in a profitable trade.Yet,(12)showed no
significant bounce and instead failed,which would have resulted in a loss.  As stated in earlier chapters in the book,the point of first contact with the AVWAP is a point of interest,not necessarily a safe trigger point to place a trade.
The green dots,associated with the odd numbers,show purchase levels
after the AVWAP was tested.Ifyou purchase at the green dots,you could
place a stop below the prior blue arrow at the prior even number.For
instance,ifyou  purchased(7)the  most  recent  relevant  higher  low  was(6). Place the stop under that level.
Notice there is no number 13 above,no it's not because the number 13 is unlucky.There is no 13 because the stock failed to show the proper
strength to bounce higher from the AVWAP.
As we studied with Support and Resistance in Chapter 2,when the price
touches the previous AVWAP,it is up to the trader to decide if they want to purchase a new position or add to an existing position.
The best purchase option occurs when the stock moves away from the
AVWAP touch as new price momentum develops.My preference is to buy if the stock shows renewed momentum.This will allow me to purchase with a price trend in my favor from the start,and with the bonus of a logical place  to set the stop.Risk management is always on the mind of the most
successful  traders.
At times we need to remove an anchor ifa significant price move did not develop and the stock turned sideways.This helps keep your chart
uncluttered.Once you have more experience with the anchoring process, this will become more intuitive.
在除(12)以外的所有情况下，当股票首次接触AVWAP时购买将导致盈  利交易。然而，(12)显示了没有明显的反弹，反而失败，这将导致亏损。 正如本书早些章节所述，AVWAP的首次接触点是一个值得关注的点，但  不一定是放置交易的可靠触发点。
与奇数相关的绿色点显示了在 AVWAP   测试后的购买水平。如果你 在绿色点购买，你可以在之前的偶数处的蓝色箭头下方放置一个止 损。例如，如果你购买了(7),最新的相关更高低点是(6)。在 那个水平下方放置止损。
请注意，上面没有数字13,不是因为数字13不吉利。没有13是 因为股票未能显示出从AVWAP  向上反弹的适当强度。
正如我们在第2章中通过支撑和阻力所研究的那样，当价格触及之前 的 AVWAP 时，交易者需要决定是否要开立新仓位或加仓现有仓位。
最佳购买时机发生在股票远离AVWAP 触及时，新的价格动能正在  发展。我的偏好是如果股票显示出新的动能就买入。这将使我从一开 始就能以有利的趋势价格购买，并且还有一个逻辑上合理的止损设置 位置。风险管理始终是最成功的交易者心中的重点。
有时我们需要删除一个锚点，如果价格没有出现显著变动，而股票 转为横盘整理。这有助于保持你的图表整洁。一旦你对锚定过程有 更多经验，这将变得更加直观。
Handoffs in a Downtrend
Just as Support and Resistance are mirrors ofeach other,the Handoffs in    uptrends and downtrends are similarly opposite.Chart 6.3 shows Handoffs with a stock in a downtrend.
The stock in Chart 6.3 gapped higher at opening(1)and failed to hold the
gains from that gap.The time wasn't right to set the anchor point until(2),  when the stock made a lower-low,at which point we set the anchor point to (1).Remember,we look to anchor at a logical point,such as a lower-high
(on a downtrend)or a higher-low(on an uptrend).
Then the stock rallied up to the(red)AVWAP(3)and turned sharply lower. This is where we set our first AVWAP Handoff(purple).As the stock
continued lower,it experienced a failed attempt to move higher(5).At(4) the stock made a lower-low,so we began another AVWAP Handoff(blue)    back(5).
下行趋势中的交接
正如支撑位和阻力位互为镜像一样，上升趋势和下降趋势中的转手 点也同样是相反的。图6.3显示了处于下降趋势中的股票的转手点。
图6.3中的股票在开盘时(1)出现跳空高开，但未能守住该跳空带来的收益。 直到(2)时，股价形成更低低点，我们才将锚点设置为(1)。记住，我们  会在一个逻辑点锚定，例如下行趋势中的更低高点，或上行趋势中的更高低  点。
然后股价上涨至(红色)AVWAP(3),  然后急剧下跌。这就是我们设置第一 个AVWAP交接点(紫色)的地方。随着股价继续下跌，它经历了一次试图 上涨的失败(5)。在(4)股价创出了更低低点，所以我们开始了另一个
AVWAP  交接点(蓝色)回到(5)。
30000Initial Anchor360003-Handoff#134000330002|5-Handoff#2ht50柳4'l⁶pb7 -Handoff#38 Handoff#40.1000017041160.00150.002.                       2.                                                            0                              I32000310.003000029000290.00  270.00 26000  25000  24000  23000  22000  210.00 200.00190.00“37000350006
30000
Initial Anchor
36000
3-Handoff#1
34000
33000
2|
5-Handoff#2
ht50
柳
4'
l⁶pb
7 -Handoff#3
8 Handoff#4
0.
10000
17041
160.00
150.00
2.                       2.                                                            0                              I
32000
310.00
30000
29000
290.00  270.00 26000  25000  24000  23000  22000  210.00 200.00
190.00
“37000
35000
6
Chart 6.3 This daily chart of a stock in a downtrend shows four different Handoff points
(3,5,7  and  8).Chart:TC2000.com
Only set an anchor once you realize that the stock reached an important
level.This means we will always recognize the Handoff after the move is
underway.At(7),the stock ran into the blue AVWAP from(5)and continued back down.
There is an option to short the stock(7)as the stock drops away from that  level.However,it was only(6)that enough time and activity had passed to allow us to intelligently identify and create a new Handoff(black)(7).
The next Handoff(light blue)was placed(8)after the stock failed to push up    through    the   prior(black)AVWAP    Handoff.
30000370003600035000340003300032000310.003000029000290.00  270.00 26000  25000  24000  23000  22000  210.00 200.00190.001000017041160.00150.00.1       1Inj fAnchori3.-Handoff#12|8-Handof#4中7 -Handoff#35-Handoff#24¹    t60b,b≠La+.66
30000
37000
36000
35000
34000
33000
32000
310.00
30000
29000
290.00  270.00 26000  25000  24000  23000  22000  210.00 200.00
190.00
10000
17041
160.00
150.00
.1       1
Inj fAnchor
i3.-Handoff#1
2|
8-Handof#4
中
7 -Handoff#3
5-Handoff#2
4¹    t
60
b,b≠
La+.
6
6
图6.3-This-daily chart.of-a stock ina downtrend shows four different Handoff points(3,5,7 and 8). 图：TC2000.com
只有当你意识到股票达到了一个重要
等级。这意味着在移动之后，我们将始终识别Handoff。
正在进行中。在(7)处，股票遇到了来自(5)的蓝色AVWAP,    并继续 退后 。
当股价从该水平回落时，有一个做空该股票(7)的选择。然而，只有在(6)  足够的时间和活动过去后，我们才能智能地识别并创建一个新的交接点(黑 色)(7)。
下一个 Handoff    (浅蓝色)被放置(8)在股票未能通过之前的(黑色)
AVWAP     Handoff向上推动之后。
Going Deeper:Entry and Exit with
Downtrend Handoffs
As we will explore in the next chapter,entries for lower-risk short sales
occur when the stock has downward momentum.Chart 6.4 shows entries
and  stop  points  for  short  sales.Notice  how  the  Handoffs  do  not  always  touch precisely on the prior AVWAP.This is intentional so as to show that not all   trade opportunities are traditional “textbook examples.”
Chart 6.4 Daily chart in a downtrend with entries(green dots using odd numbers)and
stoplevels (blue arrows using even numbers)based on the Handoff technique.Chart:
TC2000.com
This stock is in a Stage 4 Decline(see:Chart in AppendixA)and shows where  the   first   AVWAP(red)is   anchored(1).We   set   the   next   anchor
深入探讨：下行趋势中的入场与离场 (交接技术)
正如我们将在下一章中探讨的，低风险卖空交易的入场发生在股票具  有向下动量时。图表6.4显示了卖空交易的入场点和止损点。请注意， Handoff 并不总是精确地触及之前的AVWAP。  这是有意为之，以   便展示并非所有交易机会都是传统的“教科书示例。”
/3DU71.0069.006064.0063.00056.0055.00 ADC520051005000A900 4800  47D046.00 4SD04400薷  4100  40D0  9900  3800  3100  36.00De                                                                                   fe8      10p9         112354NovCet
/3DU
71.00
69.00
60
64.00
63.00
0
56.00
55.00 ADC
5200
5100
5000
A900 4800  47D0
46.00 4SD0
4400
薷  4100  40D0  9900  3800  3100  36.00
De                                                                                   fe
8      10
p
9         11
2
3
5
4
Nov
Cet
图6.4下行趋势中的每日图表，基于交接技术，使用奇数编号的绿色点表示入场，使用偶数编号的蓝色箭 头表示止损位。图表来源：TC2000.com
这只股票处于第4阶段下跌(参见：附录A中的图表)并显示了第一个 AVWAP  (红色)的锚定位置(1)。我们设定了下一个锚点
(purple)(2),but this was not an official Handoff because prices didn't touch the first(red)AVWAP.We set it(2)because prices moved steadily lower
from that point.Do not expect perfection in any aspect of analysis or
trading,our goal  is to  capture the  essence  of trend,not  argue  about  what qualifies in a textbook as a Handoff or any other concept.
The “art”of analysis andtrading allow for interpretation within reasonable guidelines.At points(4 and6)there were official Handoffs from the
previous(purple)AVWAP(2).
More important than what qualifies as a Handoffis the opportunity to enter this stock with a short sale.The odd numbers,associated with the green
dots(3,5,7,9,and11),show where we could enter a  short position as the stock gathers momentum to the downside.
The choice to enter the short trade is the same as when we buy a stock.Do   we short at or around the touch ofthe important AVWAP,or wait for prices  to turn away from the AVWAP?An entry at either of these two points would allow for a stopjust above the prior peak(marked by the even numbers).
For example,we could protect a short sale entry(7)with a stop above the prior peak(6).If we  sold the stock short(7)and then it happened to
increase in price above the prior high(6),the definition of the downtrend (lower-highs and lower-lows)would no longer exist,so we would cut our  loss at that point.
The first official entry as this stock touched a prior AVWAP would have
occurred(5),with  a  stop  above(4).The  entries(6,8,and   10)would  not  have had a“most recent and relevant lower-high”nearby to protect the position with a stop,which makes these entries riskier.
(紫色)(2),但这不是一个正式的交接，因为价格没有触及第一个   (红色)AVWAP 。我们设定它(2),因为价格从那时起稳步下降。 不要期望分析或交易的任何方面都完美无缺，我们的目标是捕捉趋势  的本质，而不是争论教科书上定义为交接或其他概念的标准是什么。
分析交易中的“艺术”允许在合理范围内进行解释。在点(4和6)处 有官方的Handoffs,    来自之前的(紫色)AVWAP(2)。
比Handoff  的资格更重要的是有机会以空头交易进入这只股票。与绿 色圆点(3、5、7、9和11)相关的奇数显示了我们可以进入空头位置 的地方，因为股票在向下的方向聚集动量。
进入空头交易的决策与我们购买股票时相同。我们是直接在重要的
AVWAP接触点附近做空，还是等待价格远离AVWAP? 在这两个点中的 任何一个点进入，都允许在之前的峰值(由偶数标记)上方设置止损。
例如，我们可以用之前的峰值(6)上方的止损来保护空头交易入  口 (7)。如果我们以空头交易(7)卖出股票，然后它碰巧在之前 的最高点(6)以上上涨，那么下降趋势(低高点和高低点)的定  义将不再存在，因此我们会在那个点止损。
当这只股票触及之前的AVWAP时，第一个官方入场记录(5)将会发生，
并且会在上方设置一个止损(4)。而入场点(6、8和10)附近没有“最近 且相关的更低高点”来保护仓位设置止损，这使得这些入场点风险更高。
Handoffs in All Timeframes
As  always,it  is  worth  a  mention  that  these  AVWAP  Handoff  concepts   apply to alltimeframes.The principles of the Handoffs apply from longer-term
investing allthe way down to day trading froma1-or 2-minute chart,as shown  in  Charts  6.5  and  6.6.
Chart  6.5  shows  two  trade  days  for  one  stock.On  the  first  day,the  stock  was strong  from  the   start  and  never  pulled  back   for  a  test   of  the   daily  VWAP.On day  two,the   stock  pulled  back(2)to  the   green  AVWAP   from   day   one.
67+84Telegr530053.7053.50 53.40 53.3053.20 53.10 53.00 52.90 5280  52.70 5260  52.50 524052.20 A5505054.80 54.7054.5054.3054.00:        3p5.9四2p11.p2'
6
7+
8
4
Telegr
5300
53.70
53.50 53.40 53.30
53.20 53.10 53.00 52.90 5280  52.70 5260  52.50 5240
52.20 A
550
50
54.80 54.70
54.50
54.30
54.00
:        3p
5
.9
四
2p
11.
p
2
'
Chart 6.5 Two-day chart with 2-minute candles and two different upside Handoffpoints. Chart:TC2000.com
We   can    make   a    low-risk   purchase(3)represented    by   the    green   dot,with    a stop  below  the  low  on  the  test  ofthe  green  AVWAP(2).As  the  stock  moved higher,we   would   Handoff   a   new   AVWAP(blue)(2)and    stops   could   then   be
所有时间段的交接
一如既往，值得提及的是，这些AVWAP 交接概念适用于所有时间 周期。交接原则从长期投资一直应用到1分钟或2分钟图表的日内 交易，如图表6.5和6.6所示。
图表6.5显示了某只股票的两个交易日。第一天，该股票从开盘就表现强劲， 并且从未回调以测试每日VWAP。  第二天，该股票回调(2)至第一天绿色的  AVWAP。
6
55.1054.50 54.8074
5
5.10
54.50 54.80
8
4
@Telesram2
@
Telesram
图表6.5两日图表，包含2分钟蜡烛图和两个不同的向上交接点。图表：TC2000.com
我们可以进行一项低风险购买(3),以绿色圆点表示，并在绿色
AVWAP(2)       测试的下方设置止损。随着股价上涨，我们会Handoff    一个 新的AVWAP   ( 蓝 色 ) ( 2 ) , 然 后 止 损 可 以
raised upon to points(4  and  8)as  the  stock  made  higher-lows  along  that AVWAP.
We  could make  a  new purchase(5)with  a  stop(4).This  is  also  where  it made  sense  for  a  new  Handoff(purple)(4).
We could set a more aggressive stop(7)as this was the test of the second AVWAP Handoff,which is where we had anchored the third AVWAP in
purple.
At(8)the stock would be stopped out for a day trade gain of about $0.50/share.
In  Chart  6.6,a  one-day  timeline(still  at  2-minute  intervals),this  stock  was weak  from  the  start  ofthe  day.The  daily  VWAP(red)from  the  start(1)
found sellers(2).We anchored a new AVWAP in blue.We had two entry
choices   here:                              
1.Sellthe  stock  short  as  it  touched  the  daily  VWAP(2).
2.A  safer  choice  is to  sell  the  stock  short  near  the red  dot(3)as the stock fell away from the daily VWAP.
在股价沿着该AVWAP形成更高低点时，提高到4和8点(4和8)。
我们可以进行一项新的购买(5)并设置止损(4)。这也是一个适合进行新的 Handoff (紫色)(4)的地方。
我们可以设置一个更激进的止损(7),因为这是第二次AVWAP Handoff   的测试，而我们在紫色处锚定了第三次AVWAP。
在(8)处，股票将因日内交易盈利约$0.50/股而被止损。
在图表6.6中，一个一天的时间线(仍然以2分钟为间隔),这只股票从 开盘时就很弱。从开始(1)开始的每日VWAP  (红色)找到了卖家(2)。我 们在蓝色中锚定了一个新的AVWAP 。我们在这里有两个入场选择：
1.当它触及每日VWAP(2)  时，卖出这只股票做空。
2.更安全的选择是在红色点(3)附近做空股票，因为股票已经远离 每日VWAP。
13.90 13.8013.70 13.0   115013.1330132013.10 13m   1290  12012.70 1260125012.胡 12.30  1220   12.10  12.00  11.90  11.011.70 11.0115011.4011301120出2 1101090 hutb12:                                           Ip                                           2:                                           !p2                                   45
13.90 13.80
13.70 13.0   1150
13.
1330
1320
13.10 13m   1290  120
12.70 1260
1250
12.胡 12.30  1220   12.10  12.00  11.90  11.0
11.70 11.0
1150
11.40
1130
1120
出2 110
1090 hutb
12:                                           Ip                                           2:                                           !p
2                                   4
5
Chart 6.6 One-day chart with 2-minute candles and three different downside Handoff
points.Chart:TC2000.com
No  matter  our  choice,we  would  place  a  protective  stopjust  above(2).The
stop would then  get trailed  down  tojust  above  the  highs represented by the red arrows.Notice how points(4 and 5)were also the basis of new Handoff    levels as the pace of the decline sprinted away from the previous AVWAP
Handoffs.The  red  dots  represent  alternative  entry  points  on  this  day.
Going  Deeper:Combine  the  Handoff and Pinch
Once you learn to recognize one AVWAP strategy on a regular basis,you
will begin to notice that other strategies will show up on the chart.Now we can look at how the Handoff and Pinch work together.Ifyou miss the
2                   4125012湖12.30 1220  12.10 12.00 11.90 11.011.70 11.00 11.50 11.40 11.30出11202 1101090   M=th13.90 13.80 13.70 13.0   1350  13.4   1330  13.20 13.10 13012.90 12012.70 1260I                                                                            12:                                                                                   2:5
2                   4
1250
12湖
12.30 1220  12.10 12.00 11.90 11.0
11.70 11.00 11.50 11.40 11.30
出11202 110
1090   M=th
13.90 13.80 13.70 13.0   1350  13.4   1330  13.20 13.10 130
12.90 120
12.70 1260
I                                                                            12:                                                                                   2:
5
图表 .6 .6一 日图表，包含2分钟蜡烛图和三个不同的下行Handoff  点。图表：:
TC2000:com                                                                                          
无论我们的选择如何，我们都会在(2)上方放置一个保护性止损单。然 后止损单会跟踪到红色箭头所表示的高点上方。注意，点(4和5)也是  新Handoff   水平的基础，因为下跌的冲刺速度远离了之前的
AVWAP       Handoffs。红色点表示这一天替代的入场点。
深入探讨：结合Handoff 和Pinch
一旦你学会定期识别一种AVWAP策略，你就会开始注意到其他策略会在图表上 出现。现在我们可以看看Handoff 和Pinch 如何协同工作。如果你错过了
original trade,there  are  often  new purchase points  after  an  AVWAP Handoff.
When  this  happens,you  will  see  alternative  entries  at  Handoff  points.The stock in Chart 6.7 started with a buy opportunity as it broke a pinch(3).
This might look overwhelming,but follow the chart AVWAP to AVWAP.Each is a different color to make it easier to follow price action.
We  placed  the  anchor(1),the  opening  price,then  we  waited  out  the
downtrend  to  find  a  reversal  indicated  by  the  new  higher-low(4).When  the stock  climbed  back  above  that  AVWAP(3)and  buyers  regained  control,then we would set a new AVWAP in green to the low(2).
The  stock  broke  beyond  the upper AVWAP(red)to  create  a  near-term
higher-high(3).At that point we  could buy the  stock with  a  stop  below(4), the  most  recent  and  relevant  higher-low.
126.00 124.00 12200  12000  118.00 116.00 114.00 11200  11000  108.00 10600  10400  102.00 100.00 98.00  96.00  94.00  92.00  90.00  她.00  86.00  84.00  82.00  00.00  78.0076.00220   27242                              2Pinh7     143|A48662B
126.00 124.00 12200  12000  118.00 116.00 114.00 11200  11000  108.00 10600  10400  102.00 100.00 98.00  96.00  94.00  92.00  90.00  她.00  86.00  84.00  82.00  00.00  78.00
76.00
2
20   27
24
2                              2
Pinh
7     14
3|
A
4
8
6
6
2
B
原始交易中，AVWAP     Handoff之后通常会有新的买入点。
当这种情况发生时，你会在Handoff 点看到备选入场点。图6.7中的股票在 突破压力位(3)时开始出现买入机会。这可能看起来令人不知所措，但请跟  随图表中的AVWAP   到  AVWAP。  每个都是不同的颜色，以便更容易跟踪价
格  走  势  。
我们放置了锚点(1),即开盘价，然后我们等待下跌趋势以找到由新的更高 低点(4)指示的反转。当股票回升至AVWAP(3)   以上且买家重新掌控局面 时，我们就会在绿色中设置一个新的AVWAP   到低点(2)。
该股票突破上方AVWAP (红色)以形成一个短期更高高点(3)。在那个 点上我们可以以低于(4)的止损买入该股票，这是最新且最相关的更低高
点   。126.00 124.00 12200  12000  118.00 116.00 114.00 11200  11000  108.00 10600  10400  102.00 100.00 98.00  96.00  94.00  92.00  90.00  她.00  86.00  84.00  82.00  00.00  78.0076.0026             20   27            5      8    24            7      142                            2                                                                 3PinhA4863B
点   。
126.00 124.00 12200  12000  118.00 116.00 114.00 11200  11000  108.00 10600  10400  102.00 100.00 98.00  96.00  94.00  92.00  90.00  她.00  86.00  84.00  82.00  00.00  78.00
76.00
2
6             20   27            5      8    24            7      14
2                            2                                                                 3
Pinh
A
4
8
6
3
B
Chart 6.7 This 30-minute chart shows Handoffs that formed after an AVWAP pinch.
Chart:TC2000.com
As the stock climbed,we would raise the stop up under the successive
higher-lows  represented  by  the  green  arrows.When  the  higher-low(5)is broken  the  stop  is  triggered(represented  by  a  red  dot).
At(6),the  stock  continued  down  through  the  green  AVWAP  from(2)and
below the red AVWAP from(1).A buy at either of those two AVWAPs would   have  resulted  in  near-term  losses.A  purchase  near  the  green   dot(7)would have been in a profitable position right from the start.As it showed the
near-term  strength,we  can  anchor  a  new  Handoff point  and  purchase  the stock.
You may notice the purchase(7)is  almost  identical  to the prior  exit  and wonder what the point of making two trades was.If the  stock was
purchased(3)and  held  through  the  selloff(6),the  trade  would  have temporarily   gone   negative.
Notice  that  the  price  dropped  from$105(A)to  $87(B)on  this  selloff.This
was  a   severe  drop.The  original  purchase  was  near$88(3)and  the  exit
would have been  at$95,a  gain  of 7 points,orjust under  10%.The  peace  of
mind that comes from taking a profit before the stock drops significantly is    reason enough to be out of the stock.There was no assurance that the stock would recover and turn higher.Locking in the gain was the smart thing to    do.
The purchase(7)put you back  into  the  stock  when  the  momentum  was
positive.Every  swing  trader  wants  to be  in  stocks  with  strong  trends,lock in  gains when  the momentum  slows  or  reverses,and  avoid  the  negative
periods.
图表6.7这个30分钟图表显示了在AVWAP 挤压后形成的转手。图表：
TC2000.com
随着股价上涨，我们会将止损位提高到由绿色箭头表示的连续更低
高点。当更低高点(5)被突破时，止损位被触发(由红色圆点表示)。
在(6)处，股价继续下跌穿过(2)处的绿色AVWAP,    并低于(1) 处的红色AVWAP 。 在任意一个AVWAP 处买入都会导致短期亏损。
在绿色圆点(7)附近买入将从一开始就处于盈利位置。随着短期强 度的显现，我们可以锚定一个新的Handoff   点并买入该股票。
您可能会注意到买入(7)几乎与之前的退出完全相同，并想知道进行两  次交易的意义何在。如果股票在(3)处买入并在(6)处的抛售中持有， 交易将暂时变为负数。
请注意，在该抛售中，价格从$105 (A)   降至$87 (B) 。 这是一个严重的下 跌。原始买入价格在$88(3)附近，退出价格将是$95,盈利7点，或接近  10%。在股价大幅下跌之前获利了结所带来的安心感本身就足以让您离场。 没有保证该股票会恢复并上涨。锁定收益是明智之举。
这次买入(7)让你在势头正好的时候重新回到了股票中。每一个波 段交易者都希望在趋势强劲的股票中持仓，在势头减缓或反转时锁 定利润，并避免负面的时期。
Notice how the next pullback from(7)found buyers right along the first
Handoff(8).Once the stock continued back up through $100,we created a
new AVWAP Handoff(8)and that AVWAP continued to hold up to the end of the  chart.
The green arrows represent the higher-lows under which we can raise our stop levels from the purchase(7).At the end of this chart,the stop would
have been  at  approximately$111,from  the  purchase near$94.
legram:
注意看，从(7)开始的下一个回调正好在第一个Handoff(8) 沿线找 到了买家。一旦股票继续回升超过$100,我们就创建了一个新的
AVWAP        Handoff(8), 并且那个AVWAP 持续支撑到图表的末尾。
绿色箭头表示我们可以在购买(7)时将止损位提高的高低价位。在这张 图表的末尾，止损位将大约在111美元，从接近94美元的购买点开始。
Telegram:@Group
KEY TAKEAWAYS·It is normal for the rate of change in a trend to slow down and speed up.·We set new anchor points from the levels buyers and sellers become more aggressive.·Multiple Handoffs look like “layers”as the point of control changes with renewed momentum.·AVWAP Handoffs can be used to trade more accurately on all timeframes.·A  Handoff  level  can  often  become  the   anchor  point   of  a new  Pinch  in  a  trend.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
·It is normal for the rate of change in a trend to slow down and speed up.
·We set new anchor points from the levels buyers and sellers become more aggressive.
·Multiple Handoffs look like “layers”as the point of control changes with renewed momentum.
·AVWAP Handoffs can be used to trade more accurately on all timeframes.
·A  Handoff  level  can  often  become  the   anchor  point   of  a new  Pinch  in  a  trend.
关键要点趋势的变化率正常情况下会放缓和加速。我们从买卖双方变得更加激进的级别设置新的锚点。多次转手看起来像“层”,因为控制点随着新的势 头而变化。AVWAP 转手可用于在所有时间框架上更准确地交易。一个交接级别通常可以成为趋势中一个新的捏合的锚点。
关键要点
趋势的变化率正常情况下会放缓和加速。
我们从买卖双方变得更加激进的级别设置新的锚点。
多次转手看起来像“层”,因为控制点随着新的势 头而变化。
AVWAP 转手可用于在所有时间框架上更准确地交易。
一个交接级别通常可以成为趋势中一个新的捏合的锚点。
CHAPTER 7
BUY PULLBACKS
AND BREAKOUTS?
“Whenever  you  find  yourself  on  the  side of  the  majority,it  is  time  to  pause   and
reflect.”
—Mark Twain
Chapter      Objectives
1.Recognize a Pullback
2.Recognize a Breakout
3.Don't buy the dip,buy strength after the dip
4.Know the difference between a dip and a downtrend
5.Don't short the rip,short weakness after the rip
6.Understand why some breakouts fail
7.How to manage risk
第七章
买入回调和突破?
“当你发现自己站在多数人一边时，就 是停下来反思的时候了。”
—马克 · 吐温
章 节 目 标
识别回撤■识别突破不要抄底，在回调后买入 力量了解回调和下跌趋势的区别■不要追涨，在回 调后做空弱势了解为什么有些突破会失败如何管理
风险 
W
ith an understanding of how a trend's rate of movement changes,we can now examine two popular strategies,buying a Breakout and buying a
Pullback.A couple of simple adjustments to the general Pullback and
Breakout trade strategies will make these strategies much more profitable. Of course,the improvements to these strategies come from the addition of   AVWAP analysis.
Pullbacks
The nature of markets is that they experience a directional thrust and then either consolidate sideways through time,meaning that the price stabilizes and stays within a somewhat narrow range,or they experience some short- term profit taking,which creates a "Pullback."APullback is also often
referred to as a "dip."One of the basic foundations oftechnical analysis is  that a trend,once established,is more likely to continue than reverse.Because of this fundamental rule,it's important to study Pullbacks carefully.
After any period of frenzied trading,calmer heads need to prevail.Recall  what we learned in Part Two,Chapter Two about Support &Resistance一 each is only identified with certainty in hindsight.Pullbacks are akin to
this.We give a Pullback the benefit of the doubt and prepare a purchase, but if it continues to decline in price,we do not participate.The
reemergence of trend on the shorter timeframe is our opportunity to take part in a low-risk,high-probability trend continuation trade.This is the
basis of trend alignment.
When the trend on the longer timeframe is still intact,we should treat Pullbacks as "innocent until proven guilty."However,ifthe Pullback
continues to a point where the longer timeframe no longer exhibits a    pattern of higher-highs andhigher-lows,we  should abandon the  setup until it aligns on multiple timeframes.
了解趋势运动速度的变化，我们可以Wow  检查两种流行的策略， 买入突破和买入回撤。对一般的回撤和突破交易策略进行一些简单的调
整，会使这些策略更有利可图。当然，这些策略的改进来自于 AVWAP   分析的添加。
回调
市场的本质是它们会经历一个方向性的推动，然后要么通过时间横向  整理，这意味着价格稳定并保持在相对狭窄的范围内，要么经历一些   短期获利回吐，这会形成一个“回调”。回调也经常被称为“回调”。 技术分析的一个基本基础是，一旦趋势确立，它更有可能继续而不是   反转。由于这个基本规则，仔细研究回调■非常重要：
在任何疯狂交易之后，冷静的头脑需要占上风。回想我们在第二部 分第二章学到的关于支撑位和阻力位的内容——每一个都只有在事 后才能被确定地识别出来。回调与此类似。我们对回调持谨慎态度 并准备买入，但如果价格继续下跌，我们不参与。在较短的时间框 架上重新出现的趋势是我们参与低风险、高概率趋势延续交易的机 会。这是趋势一致性的基础。
当较长时间周期上的趋势仍然完好时，我们应该将回调视为“无 罪，直到被证明有罪”。然而，如果回调持续到较长时间周期不 再显示出更高高点和高低点的模式时，我们应该放弃该设置，直 到它在多个时间周期上对齐。
Don't Buy the Dip
We often hear "buy the dip"as a strategy to purchase a stock.This refers to the desire to buy a stock that is in a longer-term uptrend,as it experiences  a near-term price correction(a Pullback).It makes sense to want to buy the dip.We want to pay less than the recent high.Trading activity corrects the  strong momentum,then pauses,and can then either turn back higher or
fail.The possibility of trend failure is why we do not blindly buy on a Pullback.
Buy Strength After the Dip
Instead,we want to anticipate what is most likely to happen next to the
stock and create our trade plan as it's price drops to a level of interest.We wait for price momentum to confirm that the selling has subsided.Then,
when buyers regain control of the  short-term trend,we take partin the
emergent strength,i.e.,the price movement upward.This is the essence of trend  alignment.
We want to buy as the stock moves back up above the AVWAP from the
prior high.It tells us with absolute certainty that buyers have taken back    control from the prior high point.We do not have to guess.When the price  is above the AVWAP from the recent peak,it means the average buyer from that point is now in a profitable trade.Also,the average short seller will be in a position of weakness as their average sale price is below the current
level.There is no technical tool better than AVWAP to identify the transition of power from buyers to sellers and sellers to buyers.
Let others pave the way and create a near term level of Support before you purchase strength after a Pullback.Imagine you are at the beach and there is a group of people standing on top ofa cliff peering over the water,
tentatively deciding whether tojump into the refreshing water 40 feet
不要买入谷底
我们经常听到“买入回调”作为一种购买股票的策略。这指的是希望 在较长周期上涨趋势中，股票经历短期价格修正(回调)时买入。想 要买入回调是合理的。我们希望以低于近期高点的价格买入。交易活 动会修正强劲的动能，然后暂停，然后可能反转上涨或失败。趋势失 败的可能性是我们不盲目在回调时买入的原因。
在谷底后买入强势
相反，我们想要预测股票接下来最可能发生的情况，并在其价格下降  到感兴趣的水平时创建我们的交易计划。我们等待价格动量确认卖盘  已经减弱。然后，当买家重新控制短期趋势时，我们参与新兴的强势， 即价格上涨的走势。这就是趋势一致性的本质。
我们希望在股票从先前高点回升并超过AVWAP  时买入。它告诉我 们买家已经从先前高点夺回控制权，我们不必猜测。当价格高于近 期峰值的AVWAP   时，这意味着从那个点开始，平均买家现在处于 盈利交易中。此外，平均空头卖家将处于弱势地位，因为他们的平 均卖出价格低于当前水平。没有比AVWAP   更好的技术工具来识别 买家到卖家的权力转移和卖家到买家的权力转移。
让其他人铺路，在您购买回调后的力量之前，先创建一个近期的支持 水平。想象您在海滩上，有一群人站在悬崖顶上俯瞰着水面，犹豫着 是否要跳入清凉的水中40英尺
below.No one has jumped from this cliff before.As a thrill seeker,it might
tempt you tojump,but do you want to be the first to make the leap?What if there is a rockjust below the surface that you cannot see?Of course,no one shouldjump if it is unsafe,but if you are going to go,don't you want to make sure that no one gets hurt before you do?Let others take the big risk.Use a  smarter approach to risks in the markets and in life.
Chart 7.1 shows why we do not blindly buy a dip in an uptrend.There were  three dips in this stocks strong uptrend.The first dip(1)saw the stock drop from$29.20  to  $22.60(a  22.6%drop)in  3  hours.Imagine  how  you  would  feel ifyou bought the "Pullback,"such as when the stock was $28,$27,$26,$25   and the stock continued down to $22.
The second dip(2)saw a smaller decline from$29.50 to $26.77,“just”9.3% in an hour and a half.
34.0029.5026.7722.6017.6912                  1]33.50 33.00 32.50 32.00 31.50 31.00 30.50 30.00 29.50 29.00 28.50 28.00 27.50 27.00 26.50 26.00 25.50 25.00 24.50 24.00 23.50 23.00 22.50 22.00 21.50 21.0020.50 20.00 19.50  19.00  18.5029.20*114
34.00
29.50
26.77
22.60
17.69
12                  1]
33.50 33.00 32.50 32.00 31.50 31.00 30.50 30.00 29.50 29.00 28.50 28.00 27.50 27.00 26.50 26.00 25.50 25.00 24.50 24.00 23.50 23.00 22.50 22.00 21.50 21.00
20.50 20.00 19.50  19.00  18.50
29.20
*
1
14
下方。以前没有人从这个悬崖跳过。作为一名寻求刺激的人，这可能 诱使您跳下去，但您想成为第一个跳下的人吗?如果表面下有一块您 看不见的石头会怎样?当然，如果是不安全的，没有人应该跳。但如 果您要跳，您难道不想在您自己跳之前确保没有人受伤吗?让别人承 担大的风险。在市场和生活中，用更聪明的方法来应对风险。
图表7.1显示了为什么我们不会盲目在上升趋势中买入低谷。这只股票的强劲 上升趋势中有三个低谷。第一个低谷(1)中，股票从29.20美元下跌至
22.60美元(下跌了22.6%),历时3小时。想象一下，如果你买入“回调”, 比如当股票价格为28美元、27美元、26美元、25美元时，而股票继续下跌至 22美元，你会是什么感受。
第二次下跌(2)从$29.50下跌到$26.77,在一个半小时内“仅仅”下跌了 9.3%。
33.50 33.00 32.50 32.00 31.50 31.00 30.50 30.00 29.50 29.00 28.50 28.00 27.50 27.00 26.50 26.0025.50   0024.50    24.0023.50 23.00 22.50 22.00 21.50 21.0020.50 20.00 19.50  19.0018.5017.691                        9G [ 34.00am    :29.5026.7722.6029.2012                  1狗314
33.50 33.00 32.50 32.00 31.50 31.00 30.50 30.00 29.50 29.00 28.50 28.00 27.50 27.00 26.50 26.00
25.50   00
24.50    24.00
23.50 23.00 22.50 22.00 21.50 21.00
20.50 20.00 19.50  19.00
18.50
17.69
1                        9
G [ 34.00
am    :
29.50
26.77
22.60
29.20
12                  1
狗
3
14
Chart  7.130-minute  intervals  with  “dips”in  red  and  proper  buy  points  in  green.Chart:
TC2000.com
The  third“dip”(3)saw  the  stock  drop  close  to  50%injust  six  days.If  instead of buying  on  weakness,you  waited  until  the  stock  got  back  above  the
AVWAP  from  the  prior  peak(one  of  the  green  dots),you  would  have  made your  purchase  when  buyers   controlled   the   trend.
Notice  there   is  no   “green  dot”after  the  peak   at$34.The   stock  never   got
back  above  the  red  AVWAP  from  that  peak,so  no  purchase  would  occur.
Rather  than  give  into   emotional  thoughts   like  “it's  down  too  much,”a
disciplined  approach  would  have  kept  a  buyer  from  buying  as  it  declined
from$34  all  the  way  down  to  $17  and  taking  a  large  loss.You  will  never  buy at  the  low  when  you  buy  on  strength,but  you  will  avoid  unnecessary  losses and you will have  a  logical place to  set  your  stop.
Not all“dips”end up being a simple Pullback.They can represent trend failure,which is why we wait to buy strength after the dip.
Do Not Buy Stocks in Downtrends
As  we  see  in  the  Chart  7.2,when  the  50-DMA  is  sloped  lower,the  weakness   is not  a  "dip."It  is  a  stock  in  a  downtrend  and  it  should  not  be  considered  for a  long  position.
Many  people  try  to  buy  a  “dip”in  a  stock  in  a  downtrend.That  is  simply
wrong.It  is  not  a  “dip”purchase  if  the  stock  is  in  a  downtrend.It  is  buying  a stock  that  is  more  likely  to  continue  lower  than  it  is  to  reverse.The
accumulation   process(Stage    1,seen    on    the   market    structure    chart)can    take  months  or  even  years  before  the  stock  is  ready  to  turn  higher  again.
If  they(collective   action   of  buyers   and   sellers)don't   scare   you   out   in   the decline  phase,they  will  wear  you   out  in  the  long   accumulation  process.
图表7.130分钟间隔，红色显示“下跌”,绿色显示合适的买入点。图表：TC2000.com
第三次“回调”(3)中，股价在六天内下跌了接近50%。如果你不 是在弱势时买入，而是等到股价回升到上一个峰顶的AVWAP   (绿色 点之一)之上时再买入，你会在买家掌控趋势时完成购买。
请注意，在34美元的峰顶之后没有“绿色点”。股价从未回升到那个   峰顶的红AVWAP  之上，因此不会发生购买。与其屈服于“下跌太多” 等情绪化想法，自律的方法会让人在股价从34美元下跌到17美元的过   程中保持观望，从而避免重大亏损。在强势时买入你永远不会在低位
买入，但你会避免不必要的亏损，并且会有一个合理的止损位。
并非所有“回调”最终都会成为简单的回调——它们可能代表趋势失 败，这就是为什么我们在回调后等待买入强势的原因。
不要在下跌趋势中买入股票
如图表7.2所示，当50-DMaA  呈下降趋势时，这种弱势并非“回调”。 它是一只处于下跌趋势中的股票，不应考虑作为多头仓位。
许多人试图在下跌趋势中的股票中买入“回调”。这完全错误。如果 股票处于下跌趋势中，那就不算是“回调”买入。这是买入一只更有 可能继续下跌而不是反转的股票。积累过程(阶段1,可在市场结构  图表中看到)可能需要数月甚至数年，直到股票准备好再次上涨。
如果他们在下降阶段(买方和卖方的集体行动)没有把你吓出去，他 们就会在长期的积累过程中让你筋疲力尽。
Don't waste your time and money buying stocks in downtrends,no matter how  low  the  price  is  relative  to  recent  history.Don't  let  FOMO  rule  your
decisions.Wait for buyers to reestablish control before you participate in the trend.
Declining  50  DayMoving   AverageEven if you are able topurchase at the shortterm lows,odds favortrend continuation lower and those purchases arelikely to result in losses.De                                                                  Fet                           M464,00 62.00  60.00  58.00  56.0054.00 52.00 50.00 48.00 46.00 44.0042.00 40.00 38.00 36.0034.00 32.00 30.00 28.00 26.00  24.0022.00 20.00 18.00  1 6.00Lug                               e             Cet                             P1403 L
Declining  50  Day
Moving   Average
Even if you are able to
purchase at the short
term lows,odds favor
trend continuation lower and those purchases are
likely to result in losses.
De                                                                  Fet                           M
464,00 62.00  60.00  58.00  56.00
54.00 52.00 50.00 48.00 46.00 44.00
42.00 40.00 38.00 36.00
34.00 32.00 30.00 28.00 26.00  24.00
22.00 20.00 18.00  1 6.00
Lug                               e             Cet                             P
1403 L
Chart 7.2 Nine months of daily data.In a downtrend,the sum of the declines is greater  than the sum of the rallies.This simple math tells us there is more opportunity to profit
on the short side.Chart:TC2000.com
Many traders give into the temptation to buy a stock in the decline phase, which  is  a  type   of  FOMO.They  see  the   stock  rally   from   a  certain  previous
level  and  cannot   stand  being  on  the   sidelines   as  it  reaches  this  “bargain”
price again.Each little bounce in the downtrend gives them hope the stock has made a low,only to be disappointed when the stock eventually cannot  hold the temporary gains.
不要浪费你的时间和金钱在下跌趋势中购买股票，无论价格相对于 最近的历史有多么低。不要让FOMO  支配你的决策。等待买方重 新建立控制权，然后你才参与这个趋势。
下降50天 移动平均即使你能够在短期低点购买，概率倾向于 趋势-延续更低并 且 那 些 购 买 可 能 会 导 致 亏 损 。464,00 62.00  60.00  58.00  56.0054.00 52.00 50.00 48.00 46.00 44.0042.00 40.0038.00 360323028.00 26.00 24.0022.00 20.00 18.00  16.00  1403
下降50天 移动平均
即使你能够
在短期低点
购买，概率倾向于 趋势-延续更低
并 且 那 些 购 买 可 能 会 导 致 亏 损 。
464,00 62.00  60.00  58.00  56.00
54.00 52.00 50.00 48.00 46.00 44.00
42.00 40.00
38.00 360
32
30
28.00 26.00 24.00
22.00 20.00 18.00  16.00  1403
图7.2九个月的每日数据。在下跌趋势中，下跌总和大于上涨总和。这个简单的数学 告诉我们，做空方面有更多盈利机会。图：TC2000.com
许多交易者会屈服于在下跌阶段买入股票的诱惑，这是 一 种
FOMO。 他们看到股票从某个先前水平反弹，并且无法忍受在它再 次达到这个“廉价”价格时袖手旁观。下行趋势中的每 一 次小反弹 都让他们希望股票已经触底，但最终股票无法维持暂时性收益时，
他们会感到失望。
Market  Psychology:Support  &
Resistance In the Rearview Mirror
It is not possible to know if the stock will find Support and turn higher,or if the “dip”will turn into a larger,more serious bout of selling that leads to a   reversal of the primary trend.We  should wait for the odds to be in our favor when we purchase a  stock.
Would you rather guess a low,or buy the stock when we know for fact that buyers have control?A buy above a flat to rising AVWAP gives us certainty that  buyers  are  in  control.When  we  purchase  at  potential  Support  levels
(areas  of interest),the riskis  that the  Support  will  not hold  and  there  is  not always a clear level to set our stops and limit any loss.We never know how  far the price will continue to fall,which makes risk management a guessing game.A more professional approach is to wait for objective levels to form
on  the  chart.
Buy  strength  after  the  dip. We should view a price Pullback to a level of interest  as  a  potential  opportunity  on  the  chart,not  a  place  to  buy  the
stock.This area of interest guides us to look for a shorter timeframe for evidence  that  buyers  have  regained  control.
Don't Short the Rip
Stocks  in  a  downtrend  are just  the  opposite.We  hear  people  say"sell  the
rip”in a stock in a downtrend.The problem is what constitutes enough of a "rip"to  sell  short  and  where  to  set  the  stop  to  protect  against  large  rallies  and resulting  losses?We  examine  this  in  Chart  7.3.
Chart 7.3 shows the danger of selling the stock short too early.Where
would you have shorted the strength of that stock as it rallied?Would you
I    1市场心理：支撑与 阻力在后视镜中
I    1
无法知道股票是否会在找到支撑并转向上涨，或者“回调”会演变成 更大、更严重的抛售，从而导致主要趋势反转。我们在买入股票时， 应该等待机会对我们有利时再行动。
你宁愿猜测一个低点，还是在我们知道买家实际掌控时买入股票?在 平坦到上升的AVWAP   上方买入，能让我们确信买家掌控局面。当我 们以潜在支撑位(兴趣区域)买入时，风险在于支撑位可能不稳固， 而且并不总是有明确的水平来设置止损以限制任何损失。我们永远不 知道价格会继续下跌多远，这使得风险管理变成了一场猜测游戏。更 专业的做法是等待图表上形成客观水平。
在回调后买入强势。我们应该将价格回调到兴趣水平视为图表上的 潜在机会，而不是买入股票的地方。这个兴趣区域引导我们寻找较 短的时间框架，以证明买家已重新掌控局面。
不要做空急跌
处于下跌趋势的股票则恰恰相反。我们听到人们说“卖出急跌”在下跌趋势 中的股票。问题是，什么构成足够大的“急跌”可以做空，以及在哪里设置 止损以防范大幅反弹和由此产生的损失?我们在图表7.3中对此进行了分析。
图表7.3显示了过早卖空股票的危险。在股价上涨时，你会选择在哪个位置 做空该股票的强势?你会
sell  at  11%in  area(1),the  14%rally  in  area(2),or  the   17%rally  in  area(3)?
It is safer to short AFTER the peak and the stock breaks below the AVWAP of those  rallies(red  dots).When  we  short  with  the  downward  momentum  in
our favor,we reduce the price risk because we have a safe place for our
stop(above  the  most  recent   lower-high).This   approach  helps  us   leverage time because we do not have to guess when the sellers have taken back
control.
104.6894.272r79.02360.5827                                    3‘108.00 106.00  104.00  102.00  100.00  98.00    96.00    94.00    92.00    90.00    88.00    86.00    84.00    82.00    80.00    78.00    76.00    74.00    72.00    70.00    68.00    66.00    64.00    62.00    60.00    58.00    56.0010                                   190.3171.3224
104.68
94.27
2
r
79.02
3
60.58
27                                    3
‘108.00 106.00  104.00  102.00  100.00  98.00    96.00    94.00    92.00    90.00    88.00    86.00    84.00    82.00    80.00    78.00    76.00    74.00    72.00    70.00    68.00    66.00    64.00    62.00    60.00    58.00    56.00
10                                   1
90.31
71.32
24
Chart 7.3.65-minute timeframe with correct entry points for a short sale shown in red.
Chart:TC2000.com
Breakout Trades
Stocks that Breakout of narrow price ranges can provide some of the most  dynamic price moves.It is wise for traders to look for stocks that are near a Breakout level and then monitor those stocks on shorter timeframes for
在区域(1)以11%的价格卖出，区域(2)的14%上涨，还是区域(3)的17%上涨?
在峰值之后做空更安全，并且当股票跌破这些反弹的AVWAP   (红色   点)时做空。当我们在有利的向下动能时做空，我们减少了价格风险， 因为我们有一个安全的止损位(在最近的较低高点之上)。这种方法  帮助我们利用时间，因为我们不必猜测卖家何时重新掌控局面。
104.68194.272中多a79.0260.5827                                    3*108.00 106.00  104.00  102.00  100.00  98.00   96.00   94.00   92.00   90.00   88.00   86.00   84.00   82.00   80.00   78.00   76.00   74.00   72.00   70.00   68.00   66.00   64.00   62.00   60.00   58.00   56.0090.3171.3224101
104.68
1
94.27
2
中
多a
79.02
60.58
27                                    3
*108.00 106.00  104.00  102.00  100.00  98.00   96.00   94.00   92.00   90.00   88.00   86.00   84.00   82.00   80.00   78.00   76.00   74.00   72.00   70.00   68.00   66.00   64.00   62.00   60.00   58.00   56.00
90.31
71.32
24
10
1
图7.3。65分钟时间框架，红色显示了正确的做空入场点。图表：TC2000.com
突破交易
突破狭窄价格区间的股票可以提供一些最具动态的价格变动。交易者明智的 做法是寻找接近突破水平的股票，然后在较短的时间框架内监控这些股票以
clues that they might be close to their own respective momentum moves.It is quite satisfying,and profitable,to buy a stock right at the start of a new
trend and hold it for large gains as the trend remains intact.This is the goal of trend trades.
Defining a“Breakout”
There are many versions of a Breakout.Typically,it refers to a move to a
new high in the timeframe we are analyzing the stock.Many of us learned    to buy the Breakout,but what is a Breakout,really?If a stock rallied 10+%in four days,is it a good Breakout?Always remember to answer these two
questions:where it has come from,and where does it have the potential to go?
Don't Paint All Breakouts with the Same Brush
The break past a narrow price range can offer a great opportunity for trend continuation.We can buy those stocks but,as always,with a stop set in case the  trend  reverses.
Many times,I observe people on social media referring to a "Breakout"in a stock that,technically,has already made a higher-high.They don't
understand that the quality of the Breakout is riskier than it might appear. Narrow price ranges produce higher quality Breakouts.Riskier Breakouts    typically emerge after the stock has made a large percentage prior move.It  is a matter of“where has the stock come from?”If it has used a lot of energy to get to the point of Breakout,it will be more difficult to keep risk to a
minimum.
Charts 7.4 and7.5 show different stocks on daily charts,and Breakouts with different  risk  parameters.
寻找它们可能接近各自动量移动的线索。在新的趋势开始时立即买入 股票，并在趋势保持完整时持有以获得大幅盈利，这是非常令人满意 和有利可图的。这就是趋势交易的目标。
定义“突破”
“突破”有很多版本。通常，它指的是我们在分析股票时的时间框架  内向一个新高的移动。我们中的许多人学会了买入突破，但“突破” 到底是什么?如果一只股票在四天内上涨了  %,这是否是一个好的 突破?请始终记住回答这两个问题：它来自哪里，以及它有可能去哪  里?
不要用同一把刷子刷所有的突破
突破狭窄的价格区间可以为趋势提供绝佳的机会
延续。我们可以买入这些股票，但，一如既往地，如果趋势反转，请设置止损。 请设置止损。
很多时候，我观察到社交媒体上的人们提到一只在技术上已经创下更高高点 的股票的“突破”,但他们不明白这种突破的风险比表面看起来要大。窄幅 价格区间会产生更高质量的突破。风险较高的突破通常在股票已经大幅上涨 后出现。这是一个“股票是从哪里来的?”的问题。如果股票已经消耗了大 量能量才能达到突破点，那么控制风险将更加困难。
图表7.4和7.5展示了不同股票的日线图，以及具有不同风险参数的突破。
The stock in Chart 7.4 shows the type of stock we want to buy on a
Breakout.This is a low-risk entry point because it comes from consolidation out of a tight range.The green dot near$72.50 was a good entry because
the  stock  had  spent  little  energy  prior  to  the  Breakout  point.
75.00   74.75 74.5074.28 74.00 73.75 73.50 73.25 73.00 72.75 72.5072.25  72.00  71.7S 71.50  71.5 71.0070.7S70.50 70.25 70.00 69.75 69.5069.00 68.7S68.50  68.2 68.00elegram:   @Gro
75.00   74.75 74.50
74.28 74.00 73.75 73.50 73.25 73.00 72.75 72.50
72.25  72.00  71.7S 71.50  71.5 71.00
70.7S
70.50 70.25 70.00 69.75 69.50
69.00 68.7S
68.50  68.2 68.00
elegram:   @Gro
Chart 7.4 Green dot shows a good entry for this stock as it broke out of a tight
consolidation.Chart:TC2000.com
Chart  7.5  shows  another  stock  with  two   different  purchase  points   in  green   ovals.When  the  stock  crossed  above  the  purple  AVWAP  from  the  prior  high (1),we  knew  that  the  average  long  participant  was  profitable  and  the
average  short  seller  was  in   a  losing  position.This  is  where  buyers  took
control  and  is  the  optimal  place  for  a  low-risk  purchase.We  did  not  know  if the  buyers  would  remain  in  control,so  we  would  set  a  stopjust  below  the
gap   near$27.00(2).As   the   stock   progressed   higher,we   would   raise   the   stop under   the    successive   higher-lows(green    arrows)and   might    have    gotten
stopped   out   near   $29.73(3).
图表7.4中的股票显示了我们在突破时想要买入的股票类型。这是一个低 风险的入场点，因为它来自一个狭窄范围内的盘整。接近72.50美元的
绿色点是一个好的入场点，因为该股票在突破点之前消耗的能量很少。
75.00 74.75 74.5074.00 73.75 73.50 73.25 73.00 72.75 72.50 72.2572.00 71.7S 71.50 71.25 71.00 70.7S70.50 70.25 70.00   69.7S 69.5069.00 687S68.50  68.2 68.00elegram:@GroupBuys
75.00 74.75 74.50
74.00 73.75 73.50 73.25 73.00 72.75 72.50 72.25
72.00 71.7S 71.50 71.25 71.00 70.7S
70.50 70.25 70.00   69.7S 69.50
69.00 687S
68.50  68.2 68.00
elegram:@GroupBuys
图7.4绿色点显示这是一个好的入场点，因为它突破了紧密的盘整。图：
TC2000.com
图表7.5显示了另一支股票，其中有两个不同的买入点用绿色椭圆标出。当 该股票从前期高点(1)向上穿越紫色AVWAP 时，我们知道平均多头参与 者是盈利的，而平均空头卖家处于亏损状态。这就是买家掌控市场的位置， 也是进行低风险买入的最佳位置。我们不知道买家是否会继续掌控市场，因 此会在接近27.00美元的缺口附近(2)设置一个止损位。随着股票价格继 续上涨，我们会将止损位设置在连续更高的低点(绿色箭头)下方，并且可 能在29.73美元附近(3)被止损出局。
The second entry(4)shows the "breakout"to the new high.A purchase
there would have been made at$29.75.The Breakout(4)is higher risk
because the stock had already made a large percentage move prior to that entry.Those who purchased on the Breakout(4)arrived late to the trend  compared to the buyers above the purple AVWAP anchored(1).The
difference between these two purchases was a profit of approximately 9% (purchase at 1 to stop at 3)and a breakeven trade(purchase at 4 and stop at  3)
It is often taught that you should place an initial protective stop based on a fixed percentage(3%or 5%)from the entry point.Although better than no- stop strategy,the best approach is to set stops based on the definition of
trend.
When we buy a stock as it breaks past a near-term Resistance level(1)and  the stock is in alignment with the larger timeframe trend,we want to place our stop below "the most recent and relevant higher-low."If it breaks that  low(that is,the price drops below that low),the emergent trend has failed  because  the  definition  ofthe  uptrend(higher-highs  and  higher-lows)no
longer exists.Why would you want to continue to hold that stock?
第二个入场点(4)显示了“突破”到新高的情况。在那里买入的价格为  29.75美元。突破(4)的风险更高，因为该股票在此之前已经做出了较大 的百分比涨幅。与在紫色AVWAP  上方(1)买入的买家相比，在突破
(4)时买入的参与者错过了趋势的早期阶段。这两次买入之间的差异是一 次约9%的利润(在1处买入并在3处止损)和一次盈亏平衡交易(在4  处买入并在3处止损)。
通常被教导应根据固定百分比(3%或5%)从入场点设置初始保护性 止损。尽管比无止损策略更好，但最佳方法是根据趋势的定义设置止 损。
当我们在股价突破短期阻力位(1)时买入，并且股价与较长的时间
周期趋势一致时，我们希望将止损位设置在“最近且最相关的更高低 点”下方。如果股价跌破那个低点(即价格低于那个低点),那么新  兴趋势已经失败，因为上升趋势(更高高点和更高低点)的定义不再  存在。你为什么要继续持有那只股票?
31.231.00 307S  30.50 30.25 3000  297529.50 2925289287528.50  28.228.00 27.79 27.50 27.25 2700  267S  26.50 26.25 2600  25725.50 25251    5                         肚           4            6      T           11           住    猛     法    赖     牧1-AVWA  P cross4-breakout23
31.2
31.00 307S  30.50 30.25 3000  2975
29.50 2925
289
2875
28.50  28.2
28.00 27.79 27.50 27.25 2700  267S  26.50 26.25 2600  257
25.50 2525
1    5                         肚           4            6      T           11           住    猛     法    赖     牧
1-AVWA  P cross
4-breakout
2
3
Chart    7.5    Green    dot(4)shows    a    higher-risk    Breakout.Better     entry(1).Chart:
TC2000.com
Get the Entry Right
The ability to hold a winning trade is largely a function of where you
enter the stock.Areyou in a position of strength or weakness from the start?
Success    is      often     simply     the     difference    between     a     well-planned     and     executed trade at a strong(analytically supported)entry point,and a weak
(emotionally determined)entry point.And guess what?That really is the  difference between a professionally executed trade versus an amateurish entry.
The number one consideration when you make a purchase is where your stop will go.If you are wrong,you want to be able to limit your loss.The
31.231.00307S30.5030.25  3000287528.50  28.228.00 27.79 27.50 27.25 2700  267S  26.50 26.25 2600  25725.50 25.251                            肚          1  1  I    1 1             ■    体    族    牧INEcrossA2
31.2
31.00
307S
30.50
30.25  3000
2875
28.50  28.2
28.00 27.79 27.50 27.25 2700  267S  26.50 26.25 2600  257
25.50 25.25
1                            肚          1  1  I    1 1             ■    体    族    牧
INE
cross
A
2
图表7.5绿点(4)显示了一个高风险突破。更好的入场点(1)。图表：
TC2000.comroupBuys
TC2000.com
正确获取入场点
能够持有一个盈利交易很大程度上取决于你何时进入股票。从一开
始你是处于强势还是弱势位置?
成功往往只是精心策划和执行的交易与一个薄弱(由情绪决定)的入场点的区别。猜 猜看?这就是专业执行的交易与业余的入场的真正区别。
当你进行购买时，首要考虑的是你的止损位将设在哪里。如果你判断失误， 你希望能够限制你的损失。 The
closer     the      stop     is     to      your     entry,the      more     shares      you     can      trade,which
magnifies        the        upside        potential.
Advantage ofthe AVWAP Entry versus Buying Dips
and                       Breakouts
Chart      7.6labels      five       different      moves.In       each      of      these       five      Pullbacks(dips),
there     are      several     choices      where     to      enter     a      long     position.We     review      the pros     and     cons     of     each     of     three     different      entry     techniques     below.
In      Chart      7.6       the      red       highlighted      areas       show      pullbacks(A),green      dots(B) show     buy     points      where     the     relevant      AVWAP     is      crossed,and     the     black
arrows(C)show            traditional             breakout            purchases.
7.74ln      M1cab+Aug525.00 24.00 23.00 22.00 21.00 20.00 19.00 18.0017.00 1605  15.0014.00 13.00 12.00 11.00 10.009.00 8.00 7.00 6.00 5.00C16.45CA313.62AA        e9.50C59.15B6.50an   fb  M   Ae   M    ln14.15B12.45BAug Seg Ct  Nov  Ds   n Feb MarSp       Nov Dee-0-AC42B
7.74
ln      M
1
cab+
Aug
5
25.00 24.00 23.00 22.00 21.00 20.00 19.00 18.00
17.00 1605  15.00
14.00 13.00 12.00 11.00 10.00
9.00 8.00 7.00 6.00 5.00
C
16.45
C
A
3
13.62
A
A        e
9.50
C
5
9.15
B
6.50
an   fb  M   Ae   M    ln
14.15
B
12.45
B
Aug Seg Ct  Nov  Ds   n Feb Mar
Sp       Nov Dee
-0-A
C
4
2
B
Chart     7.6     There     are     three     entry     techniques     outlined(A,B,C).Chart:TC2000.com
showis    aA.The           red           shadeda    purchase.As    wewhere           a           Pullbackguessing    game    toEntrymakeareasbuyer           would           look           to
show
is    a
A.The           red           shaded
a    purchase.As    we
where           a           Pullback
guessing    game    to
Entry
make
areas
know,itbuy    the    low    in    the
know,it
止损位越靠近你的入场点 ， 你能交易的股票数量就越多 ， 这会放大潜 在 的 上 行 空 间 。
AVWAP  入场优势对比买入低点和突破
图 表 7 . 6 标 注 了 五 种 不 同 的 走 势 。 在 这 五 种 回 调 ( 低 点 ) 中 ， 每 个 都 有 几 个 选 择 入 场 做 多 。 我 们 将 在 下 文 回 顾 三 种 不 同 入 场 技 术 的 优 缺 点 。
在 图 表 7 . 6 中 ， 红 色 高 亮 区 域 显 示 回 调 (A),                  绿  色   圆  点 (B)           显  示  买  入
点   (AVWAP      被 穿 越 的 位 置 ) , 黑 色 箭 头 (C)     显 示 传 统 突 破 买 入 。
Telegram:@C16.45313.62CA12.459.50B1—0—    A +6.50Bn     Fb     Mar图表7 . 6概述了三种入场技术 (A,B,C)。   图  表  ：TC2000.com25.00 24.00 23.00 22.00 21.00 20.00 19.00 18.0017.00 1605   15.0014.00 13.00 12.00 11.00 10.009.00 8.00 7.00 6.00 5.00 A9.15B14.15BAn         uAug  S       C        Nov57.74C、妒CA42
Telegram:@
C
16.45
3
13.62
C
A
12.45
9.50
B
1
—0—    A +
6.50
B
n     Fb     Mar
图表7 . 6概述了三种入场技术 (A,B,C)。   图  表  ：TC2000.com
25.00 24.00 23.00 22.00 21.00 20.00 19.00 18.00
17.00 1605   15.00
14.00 13.00 12.00 11.00 10.00
9.00 8.00 7.00 6.00 5.00
 A
9.15
B
14.15
B
A
n         u
Aug  S       C        Nov
5
7.74
C、
妒
C
A
4
2
条  目A 。 红色阴影区域显示了Pullback   买家会寻找购买的地方。众所周知，在下跌过程中买入是 一种猜测游戏。本条目不能保护我们免受可能反转成长期下跌趋势的影响，这可能导致重大损失。
stock as the decline is underway.This entry does not protect us against a potential reversal into a longer-term downtrend,which could result in
large  losses.
Entry   B.The green dots show the ideal point to enter the stock as it
crossed above the AVWAP from the prior peak.This is where we know with certainty the buyers have regained control from the previous high.A
purchase here assures us that momentumis in our favor,and we also have  a logical place for our stop(underneath the pullback low).This is called the “AVWAP Cross Purchase.”
Entry   C.Is the traditional "Breakout"buy as the price makes a new high.
As you can see,the Breakout points come much later than the AVWAP Cross Purchase buyers.As an example,the first AVWAP Cross Purchase was at
$6.50 versus the breakout buy of$7.74.Not only was the AVWAP Cross
Purchase $1.24,or 19%,lower than the Breakout buy,the stop could have been  tighter(less  cents  per  share)than  the  breakout  purchase.
Study the other purchase areas at the green dots,to compare the
advantage ofthe AVWAP Cross Purchase to the other entry(Pullback and Breakout)techniques.
Advantage ofthe AVWAP Entry versus Shorting Rips
and Breakdowns
Chart 7.7 labels five different moves.In each of these five rallies(rips),    there are several choices where to enter a short position.We review the pros and cons of each of three different entry techniques below.
The red highlighted areas(A)show counter-trend rallies in the overall downtrends.The green dots(B)show short sale points where the price
在下跌过程中，将股票视为买入是不明智的。本条目不能保护我们 免受可能反转成长期下跌趋势的影响，这可能导致重大损失。
条目 B。绿色点显示了股票在越过先前的峰值上方AVWAP   时进入  的理想点。这就是我们确定买家从先前高点重新获得控制的点。在这 里购买可以确保势头在我们这边，我们还为我们的止损提供了一个合 理的位置(在回调低点下方)。这被称为“AVWAP   跨越购买。”
条 目C 。传统的“突破”购买，当价格创下新高时。如您所见，突破 点比AVWAP 跨越购买买家出现得晚得多。例如，第一个AV
WAP  跨越购买是在6.50美元，而突破购买是7.74美元。AV
WAP 跨越购买不仅比突破购买低1.24美元，或19%,止损也可以更 紧(每股分摊的几分钱更少) 。  
研究绿色点处的其他购买区域，以比较AVWAP  跨越购买与其他入场 (回调和突破)技术的优势。
AVWAP 入场相对于做空 Rips  和 Breakdowns     的优 势
图7.7标注了五种不同的移动。在这五种反弹 (rips)   中，每个都有几个 选择做空的位置。我们将在下文回顾每种三种不同入场技术的利弊。
红色高亮区域(A) 显示了整体下跌中的逆势反弹。绿色点(B) 显示了价格
crossedbelow the relevant AVWAP,and the labels(C)show traditional
short  sale breakdown(to new  lows)sales.
Entry   A.The red shaded areas show where a short seller on a rally(rip) would look to enter a short position.As we know,it is a guessing game to short the high in the stock as the rally is underway.This entry does not
protect us against a potential reversal higher,which could result in large losses.
100粤1T3.01 7000166010013301500146的1400018m13001201201150100106010006.0090.00 50080007500T00030060008.056.49C116.65BDut                              i                               他131.24B160.50B69.35B90.74B140.45118.00AC75.8891.99和ACCAACA2435
100粤
1T3.0
1 7000
1660
100
1330
1500
146的
14000
18m
1300
120
120
1150
100
1060
1000
6.00
90.00 500
8000
7500
T000
300
6000
8.0
56.49
C
116.65
B
Dut                              i                               他
131.24
B
160.50
B
69.35
B
90.74
B
140.45
118.00
A
C
75.88
91.99
和
A
C
C
A
A
C
A
2
4
3
5
Chart   7.7   There    are   three   different   short    sale   entry   techniques   outlined(A,B,C).Chart:
TC2000.com
Entry   B.The green dots show the ideal point to enter the stockas it
crossed down below the AVWAP from the prior low.This is where we know with certainty the sellers have regained control from the previous low.A
short sale here assures us that momentum is in our favor,and we also have a logical place for our stop(above the rally high).This is called the “AVWAP Cross Short Sale.”
低于相关AVWAP  的交叉点，并且标签(C)显示了传统的卖空分解 ( 降 至 新 低 ) 销 售 。
条目A。红色阴影区域显示了在反弹 (rip)    中做空者可以进入空头 头寸的位置。众所周知，在反弹过程中做空股票是一场猜测游戏。
这个条目不能保护我们免受潜在的更高反转，这可能导致重大损失。
100T%.0160,501660hat                     131,241500t4048                        ent aay 4             B em-1118,0011001060100050090.00500800075.00T00030060008.056.49吐             Kz                             Dut146的1 4000180130012012001150475.88Mu                                            C69.35BC          91.9990.74B116.657C1 7000ACA133035
100
T%.0
160,50
1660
hat                     131,24
1500
t4048                        ent aay 4             B em-1
118,00
1100
1060
1000
500
90.00
500
8000
75.00
T000
300
6000
8.0
56.49
吐             Kz                             Dut
146的
1 4000
180
1300
120
1200
1150
4
75.88
Mu                                            C
69.35
B
C          91.99
90.74
B
116.65
7
C
1 7000
A
C
A
1330
3
5
图7.7概述了三种不同的卖空入场技术 (A、B、C)。图：TC2000.com
条目 B。绿色点显示了股票在跌破先前低点的AVWAP   时进入的理  想点位。这是我们知道卖方从先前低点重新获得控制权的确定位置。 在此处做空确保动量有利于我们，并且我们还有一个合理的止损位  (在反弹高点之上)。这被称为“AVWAP   跌破做空”。
Entry  C.Is the traditional"Breakdown"short sale as the price makes a
new  low.As  you  can   see,the  Breakdown  points  come  much  later  than  the    AVWAP  Cross  sellers.As  an  example,the  first  AVWAP  Cross  Short  Sale  was at$160.50  versus  the  Breakdown  sale  of$140.45.Not  only  was  the  AVWAP   Cross  Short  Sale  $20.05,or   14.3%,higher  than  the  Breakdown  sale,but  the   stop   could   have   been   tighter(less   cents   per   share)than   the   Breakdown
short.
Study  the  other  short  sale  areas  at  the  green  dots,to  compare  the
advantage  of  the  AVWAP  Cross  Short  Sale  to  the  other  entry  techniques.
Market  Psychology:Why  Breakouts and Breakdowns Fail
Breakouts:As we know,the markets discount the past and anticipate what is  to  come.Large   stockholders  who   accumulate  stock  at  lower  prices  often   sell a portion of their stock on the Breakout ifthe stock experienced a run- up prior to the break higher.
Breakdowns:In  a  downtrend,short  sellers  will  cover  a  portion  of  their
bearish  bets  when  the  stock  breaks  to  a  new  low  when  the  stock  already experienced  a  large  move  lower  in  the  days  prior  to  the  Breakdown.
There is a phrase “sell(or cover)when you can,not when you have to.” Smart  money  holders  take  advantage  of  the  liquidity  provided  by  the
Breakout  chasers(people  who  buy  when  a  stock  makes  a  new  short-term high after a large percentage move)and take profits on a portion of their position.This increased selling activity can result in the failure of a
Breakout in the near-term.
条 目C。 传统的“跌破”做空，当价格创下新低时。如您所见，跌 破点出现的时间远晚于AVWAP   跌破做空。例如，第一个
AVWAP跌破做空发生在160.50美元，而跌破卖发生在140.45美 元。不仅AVWAP   跌破做空比跌破卖高20 . 05美元，即14 . 3%,而 且止损位可以更紧(每股分摊的几分钱更少)。
研究绿色圆点处的其他短期卖空区域，以比较AVWAP   交叉短期卖空与 其他入场技术的优势。
市场心理：为什么突破和跌破会失败
突破：众所周知，市场会折现过去并预期未来。在股价上涨前以较 低价格积累股票的大股东，如果股价在突破前已经大幅上涨，通常 会在突破时卖出部分股票。
跌破：在下跌趋势中，当股价跌破前期已经大幅下跌的新低时， 空头卖家会平掉部分看跌仓位。
有一个短语“在可以的时候卖出(或平仓),而不是在必须的时候。”聪明的资  金持有者利用Breakout 追逐者(在股票经历大幅百分比上涨后创出短期新高时买 入的人)提供的流动性，并在其部分头寸上获利。这种增加的卖出活动可能导致  短期内Breakout 失败。
Be careful not to chase Breakouts;make the smarter entry when price
crosses the key AVWAP so you can be in ahead of the crowd and with less risk.
When you are involved in the stock before the crowd,it is a good idea to
cash out a portion of your position as the Breakout occurs.We want to trim  a portion of the trade on strength and trail our stop with or in the direction of trend(raise it up under the new higher-lows).This is where you may
have heard the phrase “trim and trail.”
Risk Management
Our constant focus on where a stock has come from prior to ourentry helps us determine whether a Breakout trade is consideredlow-or high-risk.Ifa  stock had a strong move prior to a Breakout,it is less likely it will continue. We compensate for the higher risk with smaller trade size.
When we initiate our trade at the onset of fresh momentum.This puts the  stock in alignment with the longer,more powerful trend and we avoid the   risk of time(waiting for the move to happen).We also minimize the price    risk and avoid unnecessary initial losses as the stock is in corrective mode.
小心不要追逐Breakout;      当价格跨越关键的AVWAP 时，做出更 明智的入场，这样你就可以领先于人群并且风险更小。
在众人之前参与股票时，当突破发生时，将部分仓位获利了结是一个 好主意。我们希望在强势时削减部分仓位，并随趋势方向移动止损位 (在新形成的更高低点上方提高止损位)。这就是你可能听到“削减 并跟踪”这个短语的地方。
风险管理
我们对股票在我们入场之前从何而来的持续关注，帮助我们确定突破交 易是低风险还是高风险。如果一只股票在突破之前有强劲的走势，它继 续上涨的可能性就较小。我们通过较小的交易规模来弥补更高的风险。
当我们在新动力的初期启动我们的交易时。这使得股票与更长时间、更强大 的趋势保持一致，并且我们避免了时间风险(等待行情发生)。我们还最小 化了价格风险，并避免了不必要的初始亏损，因为股票处于修正模式。
KEY TAKEAWAYS·When  we  “buy  the  dip”we  are  in  an  immediate  position of weakness because we are not sure if the buyers willquickly regain  control.Wait  for the upward  momentum   on the  shorter timeframe before making  a purchase.This puts you in an initial position of strength.·Buy   strength   after   the   dip.·There is no technical tool better than AVWAP to identify  the transition of power from buyers to sellers and sellers to  buyers.·Avoid the mentality that you  are  buying  a  bargain when the stock is in a downtrend,stocks in downtrends are“guilty until proven  innocent.”·If we “short the rip”we never know if the momentumwill continue higher and cause large losses.It is better to wait for the stock to continue lower on the shortertimeframe before we consider a short sale.·Always  remember  to  answer  these  two  questions:whereit has come from,and where does it have the potential to
KEY TAKEAWAYS
·When  we  “buy  the  dip”we  are  in  an  immediate  position of weakness because we are not sure if the buyers will
quickly regain  control.Wait  for the upward  momentum   on the  shorter timeframe before making  a purchase.This puts you in an initial position of strength.
·Buy   strength   after   the   dip.
·There is no technical tool better than AVWAP to identify  the transition of power from buyers to sellers and sellers to  buyers.
·Avoid the mentality that you  are  buying  a  bargain when the stock is in a downtrend,stocks in downtrends are
“guilty until proven  innocent.”
·If we “short the rip”we never know if the momentum
will continue higher and cause large losses.It is better to wait for the stock to continue lower on the shorter
timeframe before we consider a short sale.
·Always  remember  to  answer  these  two  questions:where
it has come from,and where does it have the potential to
关键要点当我们“买入回调”时，我们处于一个弱势位置，因为 我们不确定买家是否会迅速重新掌控局面。在较短的周 期上等待上涨动力出现后再进行购买。这让你处于一个 初始的强势位置。· 在回调后买入。没有比AVWAP   更好的技术工具来识别买方到卖方的权力转移和卖方到买方的权力转移。避免在股票处于下跌趋势时认为自己买到了便宜货， 处于下跌趋势的股票是“有罪直到被证明无罪。”如果我们“做空快速上涨”我们永远不知道势头是否将 继续走高并造成重大损失。最好等待股票在较短的时间 框架内继续下跌，然后再考虑做空。始终记得回答这两个问题：它来自哪里，以及它有什么潜力
关键要点
当我们“买入回调”时，我们处于一个弱势位置，因为 我们不确定买家是否会迅速重新掌控局面。在较短的周 期上等待上涨动力出现后再进行购买。这让你处于一个 初始的强势位置。
· 在回调后买入。
没有比AVWAP   更好的技术工具来识别买方到卖方的权
力转移和卖方到买方的权力转移。
避免在股票处于下跌趋势时认为自己买到了便宜货， 处于下跌趋势的股票是“有罪直到被证明无罪。”
如果我们“做空快速上涨”我们永远不知道势头是否将 继续走高并造成重大损失。最好等待股票在较短的时间 框架内继续下跌，然后再考虑做空。
始终记得回答这两个问题：它来自哪里，以及它有什么潜力
go?·The ability to hold a winning trade is largely a function of where you enter the stock.Are you in a position of    strength or weakness from the start?·   Not all breakouts and breakdowns are the same.Consider how the stock got to the trigger(where has it comefrom?)before you decide to get involved.· The lowest risk entries occur when the short-term trend first  comes  into  alignment with the  longer-term trend.   This is true for long and short trades on all timeframes.
go?
·The ability to hold a winning trade is largely a function of where you enter the stock.Are you in a position of    strength or weakness from the start?
·   Not all breakouts and breakdowns are the same.Consider how the stock got to the trigger(where has it come
from?)before you decide to get involved.
· The lowest risk entries occur when the short-term trend first  comes  into  alignment with the  longer-term trend.   This is true for long and short trades on all timeframes.
*持有盈利交易的能力在很大程度上取决于你何时进入股 票。从一开始，你处于强势还是弱势位置?
*并非所有突破和崩盘都相同。在决定参与之前，先考虑 股价是如何达到触发点(它来自哪里?)。
*风险最低的入场点发生在短期趋势首次与长期趋势达成 一致时。这对所有时间框架的做多和做空交易都适用。
Telegram:@Gr
CHAPTER 8
MULTI-DAY AVWAPS FOR SHORTER-TERM
TRADERS
"Follow the evidence wherever it leads,
and question everything.”
—Neil  deGrasse  Tyson
Chapter Objectives
1.Understand  fresh  momentum  trend  dynamics
2.Identify  low-riskentries  into  the  second-and  third-day  price moves(up or down)
3.Avoid costly FOMO purchases and short sales
4.How to gain an edge on “red to green”buyers
5.How to  gain  an  edge  on“green  to red”sellers
第8章
多日AVWAPS 用于短期
交易者
“遵循证据，无论它引向何方，
并质疑一切。”
—尼尔 ·德格拉斯·泰森
章节目标
1.理解新鲜动量趋势动态
2. 识别进入第二天和第三天价格 行情(上涨或下跌)的低风险入场点
3.避免代价高昂的FQMO  购买和卖空
4. 如何在与“红转绿”买家竞争中占据优势
5. 如何在与“绿转红”卖家竞争中占据优势
here are many instances when a stock makes a significant move,but you
I   didn't see it in time to get involved on the first day ofthe momentum.If the stock experiences a fresh breakout after the first day,and looks like it
may have room to continue further,it is not too late to participate.Even
though I have seen the second-day strategy that we will learn about in this chapter play out thousands oftimes,it still amazes me how a prior day
AVWAP is often the exact turning point for a stock.
The day after a stock makes a significant move can provide a low-risk,high- probability entry for those who watch the action closely the next morning.   In this chapter we'll learn from examples on intraday timeframes of
roughly five days.Don't confuse the following information as applicable only to day traders.The principles used to find good entry points can be used for better timed purchases by longer-term participants as well.
When YourThink You Missed a Move Day One:Why the Stock Moved
Don't get hung up trying to figure out the reasons behind the initial move. We're looking at price action.It may be a company reported earnings
significantly different than analysts expected,a true “earnings surprise.” Surprise;in earnings news,general news,or from other sources can be
thought of as a catalyst for price change that disrupts the balance of supply and demand.For example,if the  surprise was good,earnings were higher
than expected,many institutions will now want to buy a meaningful
position.All this new demand needs to be filled,so the stock surges higher.
On the day of the earnings report,they buy as much as they can,often
aggressively,and the stock closes at or near the high of the day. When the stock closes near the high of the day,it may be short-term extended
这里有很多股票出现重大波动但你在第一时间没有看到参与动量 的情况。如果股票在第一天之后出现新的突破，并且看起来还有继续 上涨的空间，那么参与还为时不晚。尽管我已经见过数千次我们将在  本章学习的第二天策略的实施情况，但前一天AVWAP 仍然是股票经 常出现转折点的精确时刻，这仍然让我感到惊讶。
股票出现重大波动后的第二天可以提供低风险、高概率的入场机会， 对于那些第二天早上密切关注市场动态的人来说。在本章中，我们将 通过大约五天的日内时间框架的例子来学习。不要将以下信息误解为 仅适用于日内交易者。用于寻找良好入场点的原则也可以被长期参与 者用于更好地把握购买时机。
你以为错过了什么:一次波动
第一天：为什么股票会波动
不要纠结于试图弄清楚最初行动的原因。我们关注的是价格行为。这 可能是一家公司公布的业绩与分析师预期差异很大，一个真正的“业 绩惊喜”。惊喜；在业绩新闻、一般新闻或来自其他来源的惊喜，可 以被视为一个导致供需平衡被打破的价格变化催化剂。例如，如果惊 喜是好的，业绩高于预期，许多机构现在将想要买入一个有意义的头 寸。所有这些新的需求都需要得到满足，因此股票会飙升。
在盈利报告发布当天，他们会尽可能多地买入，通常非常激进，并且  股票收盘价达到或接近当日最高价。当股票收盘价接近当日最高价时， 可能是短期过度延伸
(used up too much buy power in the short-term)and in need of a slight
pullback(profit   taking)the   next   morning.
Day Two:Upside Price Action Follow-Through
There are three main players driving the market on day two:profit takers, short  sellers,and  market  makers.
Profit  takers   making the best of the large move seek to capture profit on   some or all oftheir long position by selling some stock at or near the high at the  open.
Short   sellers   who do not believe the stock can follow through on
downward momentum and,sell accordingly.Their sales add downward pressure at the open of the second day.
Market      makerswho need to purchase many shares on behalfof their
clients may try to scare some supply loose by offering the stock lower than   the previous day's close.For example,the market maker may have an order to buy 500,000 shares of the stock that day.Tofill that order and get the
best price possible for the customer,he may short some stock in the pre-   market or right at the open.This initial selling gives the illusion the stock is weak and scares some long holders into selling stock to them at lower
prices early in the day.The long holders would be doing this to capture some of their profits or cut losses.
The market maker's goal is to buy more shares at a lower price than they sold short the initial shares.If they sold short 10,000 shares,but could
purchase 50,000 shares at a lower price than the previous day's close,this would leave them with a net long position of 40,000 shares at prices that    are likely to be near the low of the day.Of course,this is a risky game for
(短期内用尽了太多的买入力量)并且在第二天需要小幅回调(获 利了结)。
第二天：向上价格行动的延续
在第二天，有三个主要因素在推动市场：获利了结者、做空者和做市商。
获利了结者利用大幅波动，试图通过在开盘时以或接近高价卖出部分 股票，来获利了结部分或全部多头头寸。
做空者不认为股票能延续下跌势头，并相应地卖出。他们的销售 在第二天开盘时增加了下行压力。
需要代表客户购买大量股票的做市商可能会试图通过以低于前一天收 盘价的价格提供股票来吓唬一些供应松动。例如，做市商当天可能有 一个购买50万股该股票的订单。为了完成该订单并为客户获得最佳价 格，他可能在盘前或开盘时做空一些股票。这种初步的卖出会给人们 一种股票疲软的错觉，并吓唬一些多头持有者在当天早期以较低价格 向他们卖出股票。多头持有者会这样做是为了获利了结部分利润或止 损。
做市商的目标是以低于他们做空初始股票的价格买入更多股票。如 果他们做空了10,000股，但可以以低于前一天收盘价的价格购买
50,000股，这将让他们在价格可能接近当日低点的位置上持有 40,000股的净多头头寸。当然，这对他们来说是一场冒险。
them.They might end up selling too many shares at a low price and hurt their average execution price at the end of the day.
How to Take Advantage of Price Action (Day Two and
Beyond)
Our opportunity  comes  in the morning  of the  second,or  even  a  subsequent day for even the third or fourth day.If the stock opens lower than the
previous day's close,we want to be ready to purchase the  stock under these conditions:
1.If the stock can hold above the prior day VWAP,see charts on the
next page,it shows buyers still have control from the start of the day the  move  began.
2.After  the  early  morning  weakness,the  stock  stabilizes  above  the  2-
day AVWAP and climbs above the daily VWAP.This tells us the
buyers have regained control of the trend for the new day and it is their  game  to  lose.
Here are the actions to take:
1.We purchase the stock as it climbs back above the daily VWAP and place our stop below the low
2.If our  stop  does not trigger,we hold the  stock  as it increases  and
raise  our  stop  to  under  the  “most  recent  and  relevant  higher-low” fo  the  timeframe  we  intendto  hold  the  trade.
Short-term entry tactics described above can be used to establish a position in the stock which might be held for a day trade,or even a longer-term
trade   or  investment.The  more  accurate  the  entry,regardless  of  the
他们可能会以低价卖掉太多股票，从而损害他们当日的平均成交价。
如何利用价格行动(第二天及以后)
我们的机会出现在第二天早上，甚至对于第三天或第四天也是如此。 如果股票开盘价低于前一天的收盘价，我们希望在以下条件下准备购 买股票：
1.如果股票能够维持在先前一天VWAP  以上，参见下一页的图表， 这表明买方从当天开始运动时仍然掌控着局面。
2.在早上的弱势之后，股票在2天AVWAP   以上稳定，并 攀升至每日VWAP  以上。这表明买方重新掌控了新天的趋 势，这是他们的游戏，他们输不起。
以下是采取的行动：
1.当股票回升至每日VWAP  以上时，我们购买股票，并将止损位设在 其下方。
2.如果我们的止损没有触发，我们持有股票等待其上涨，并将止损位 提高到我们打算持有交易的“最近且相关的高点”之下。
上述短期入场策略可用于在股票中建立仓位，该仓位可能持有进行日内交易， 甚至更长期的交易或投资。无论计划的持有时间如何，入场越准确，你越有能 力设置更紧的止损位，并且越有更多时间在有利动量的情况下操作。
planned  hold  time,the  more  ability  you  have  to  set  tighter  stops  and  the more  time  you  have  with  momentum  in  your  favor.
Chart 8.1 provides our first example of a stock with a strong move on day
one that gave a low-risk buy opportunity on day two.The blue VWAP begins on day one and continues to be the second day AVWAP the next morning.
On the first minute of day two,the purple VWAP starts.It is the “2nd-day   AVWAP.”Keep in mind the prior day AVWAP doesn't reflect a full two days until the close of the second day.
In the chart 8.1 below,you can see this stock opened on a gap higher near $73.50(1)on  the  first  day.After  a  little  uncertainty  in  the  first  ninety
minutes,the  buyers  quickly  established  dominance  by  holding  above  the VWAP.
We know the buyers had control because the price stayed above VWAP on a testjust after noon(A)and the  slope of the VWAP rose  at that  same time.
The stock then closed near the high of the day at approximately $73.75(3).
计划的持有时间越长，你越有能力设置更紧的止损位，并且越有 更多时间在有利动量的情况下操作。
图表8.1提供了第一个股票的例子，该股票在第一天有强劲的走势，并在第  二天给出了低风险的买入机会。蓝色的VWAP  在第一天开始，并继续到第二 天成为上午的AVWAP。
在第二天的第一分钟，紫色的VWAP 开始。它是“第二天AVWAP” 。 请记住，前一天的AVWAP 直到第二天收盘时才反映完整两天的数据。
在下面的图表8.1中，你可以看到这只股票在第一天以接近73.50美元的跳空高开 开盘(1)。在第一小时九十分钟的一点点不确定性之后，买家通过保持在VWAP
上方迅速确立了主导地位。
我们知道买家。因为价格在中午刚过的一个测试中保持在VWAP之上 (A),     并且VWAP的斜率在同一时间上升。然后股票收盘于当天的最高价附近，约 为73.75美元(3)。
74.7574.60 74.5074.2574.00735073.7573.50A                       4DAY111      12p      1        2p      3p      4p  10a     ffa7425740737573.2573.00174.7574.60 74.5012p      1p       2p       3DAY273254p    10872.75263M
74.75
74.60 74.50
74.25
74.00
7350
73.75
73.50
A                       4
DAY1
11      12p      1        2p      3p      4p  10a     ffa
7425
740
7375
73.25
73.00
174.75
74.60 74.50
12p      1p       2p       3
DAY2
7325
4p    108
72.75
2
6
3
M
Chart 8.1 This chart shows a stock over the course of two days using 2-minute candles.
The inset shows the beginning of day two using 1-minute candles for greater detail.
Chart:TC2000.com
The next day,the stock opened close to $0.50 lower(4)as early sellers sold
prematurely(before the stock had a chance to reveal if sellers had
momentum).Savvy participants were ready to purchase shares at the
VWAP  from  day  one.You  can   see,it  wasn't  a  perfect  touch(4)on  the  blue
prior  day  AVWAP  and  rally,but  buyers  had  been  waiting  in  that  area  as  the stock  hovered  near  the  level  before  price  crossed  back  above  both  VWAPs.
The  initial  volatility  helped  the  market  makers  who  were  trying  to  scoop  up as  many  shares  as  they   could  at  the  initial  “discount"from  the  prior  day's
174.7574.60 74.5074257407375735073252ADAY111      12p      1       2p      3p74.7574.60 74.5074.2574.0073.7573.5073.2573.007275DAY2S12p             1p           2pBot3     仙4p  10a      fa4p    10846
174.75
74.60 74.50
7425
740
7375
7350
7325
2
A
DAY1
11      12p      1       2p      3p
74.75
74.60 74.50
74.25
74.00
73.75
73.50
73.25
73.00
7275
DAY2S
12p             1p           2p
Bot
3     仙
4p  10a      fa
4p    108
4
6
图8.1该图表展示了为期两天的股票走势，使用2分钟蜡烛图。插入部分显示了第二 天开头的1分钟蜡烛图，以提供更详细的视图。图表：TC2000.com
第二天，股票开盘时接近0.50美元的低价(4),因为早期的卖家过早地卖   出(在股票有机会显示卖家是否有动量之前)。精明的参与者从一开始就准   备好在VWAP 处购买股票。你可以看到，在蓝色的前一天AVWAP 和反弹上， 这不是一个完美的接触(4),但买家一直在等待那个区域，因为股票在价   格再次交叉到两个VWAP 之上时徘徊在该水平附近。
初始波动率帮助了那些试图在初始“折扣”时尽可能多地收购股票的市场做 市商，这个“折扣”来自前一天
close.After  a  couple  of  minutes,it  became  apparent  there  were  aggressive buyers waiting at that level.The stock quickly erased the initial down gap,  then closed higher by almost one dollar.
If you pay close attention to the stock on the morning of day two,you want to buy if the second-day AVWAP is still rising,and(5)the stock is back
above  the  new  day's(purple)VWAP,at  the  green  dot
A good way to confirm that buyers have regained control on day two is if the day two VWAP is now rising.This may happen as soon as the first three to    five minutes of the new day,so you need to pay close attention.
Ifyou  purchase  the  stock  when  both  days'VWAPs  are  rising,the
momentum  is  in  your  favor.Once  you  have  purchased  the  stock(5),the
stop can go below the low of the morning(4).If that low breaks,it would
mean sellers took control from the start of the move and there would be no reason to  continue to hold the  stock.
In Chart 8.1,buyers who waited for the stock to turn positive before
purchasing  it  paid  approximately   $0.40  higher(6)than  those  who  bought the stock as it crossed above the daily VWAP(5).If buyers(6)used a stop
below the morning low,they would not have been able to buy as many
shares(based  on  the use  of  1R-Multiple  of risk)as  those  who  purchased  at the lower price when the stock reclaimed the VWAP for the day(5).
Buy Red to Green?
Many market participants like to purchase at the point stocks go from
negative  on  the  day(red)to  positive  on  the  day(green).When  a  stock  is  in   a negative position compared to the prior day's close,it is  "red”and when  it is in a positive position compared to the prior day's close it is “green.”
的收盘价。几分钟后，很明显在该价位有积极的买家在等待。股票 迅速抹去了最初的向下跳空缺口，然后几乎上涨了一美元后收高。
如果你仔细关注第二天早上的股票，如果你想要买入，当第二天的
AVWAP仍在上涨，并且(5)股票回到高于新一天(紫色)VWAP 的绿色 点，你就要买入。
一个很好的方法来确认买方在第二天重新获得控制权是如果第二天的
VWAP 现在在上涨。这可能在新的第一天的前三到五分钟内发生，所以你需 要密切关注。
如果你在两个交易日的VWAP   都在上涨时购买股票，那么势头对你 有利。 一旦你购买了股票(5),止损可以低于早晨的低点(4)。如果  那个低点被跌破，这意味着卖方从一开始就控制了走势，那么就没  有理由继续持有股票。
在图表8.1中，那些在股票转为正数之前才购买它的买方，比那些在 股票跨越每日VWAP(5)   时购买的买方高出约$0.40(6)。如果买方 (6)使用了低于早晨低点的止损，他们就不会能够购买那么多股票
(基于使用1 R-Multiple    的风险),就像那些在股票重新获得每日 VWAP(5)   时以较低价格购买的人一样。
购买红变绿?
许多市场参与者喜欢在股票从当日负转正(红色)时买入。当一只股 票与前一日的收盘价相比处于负位置时，它是“红色”,而当它与前 一日的收盘价相比处于正位置时，它是“绿色。”
Notice the day two entry technique will get you in the stock ahead of momentum buyers who like to buy a “red to green”move.
注意，当日二入场技巧将让你在动量买家之前进入股票，这些买家喜 欢买入“红转绿”的行情。
*6.60DAY 26.506.Ju5.206.106.005.505.805.705.60.1felegram:   @ Gro  2      5.90→                  5505505.204p                                                        12B                     1e                       1s                       5p                    12:       Il         12□       p         2p       1DAY1541         1
*6.60
DAY 2
6.50
6.Ju
5.20
6.10
6.00
5.50
5.80
5.70
5.60
.1
felegram:   @ Gro  2      5.90→                  550
550
5.20
4p                                                        12B                     1e                       1s                       5p                    12:       Il         12□       p         2p       1
DAY1
54
1         1
Chart 8.2 The stock above shows the second-day entry technique also applies to low-
priced stocks.It is best to buy second-day strength after the initial pullback(detailed in
inset).Chart:TC2000.com
图8.2该图显示，第二天的入场技巧也适用于低价股。最佳买入时机是在初始回调 后(详情见插图)。图表：TC2000.com
As  shown  in  Chart  8.2,when  we  buy  strength  after  the  stock  regains
upward  momentum  in  the  morning  of  day  two,we  can  get  involved  before the  stock  goes  “red  to  green.”
如图8.2所示，当我们在第二天上午股票恢复上涨势头时买入强势， 我们可以在股票从“红转绿”之前参与其中。
Here,the   stock  traded  below  the   second-day  VWAP(green)for   about   four   minutes(1)but  held  above  the  blue  2-day  AVWAP.On  the  fifth  minute  of    the   second    day,the    stock   crossed    up   through    the(green)VWAP(2),which caused  the  slope  of  that  VWAP  to  flatten  and  then  turn  higher.Looking  at
这里，股票在第二天VWAP  (绿色)下方交易了大约四分钟(1),但保持 在蓝色2天AVWAP 上方。在第二天第五分钟，股票向上穿越了(绿色)
VWAP(2),        这导致该VWAP的斜率变平然后转为上升。看看
the inset,a purchase near$5.90 would have been quite reasonable,with a stop below the low of the day(1).
Back to the full chart which includes the inset,the stock went on to a day   two intraday high ofover $6.60 which means those who purchased(2)had the potential to take up to $0.70(11.9%)that day,or decide to hold for a
longer period.For someone who makes the purchase here with the intent of a longer-term hold,they would have the comfort of a great entry from   day one of the trade.
Alternative  Entry  Technique
The next example,in Chart 8.3,shows a “less than perfect”setup because  that is how the market works.Not every trade willfollow all the guidelines for any strategy you use.Markets are risky.We pay the price of the
unknown in exchange for the hope ofa profit.Our edge comes from our strategies and risk management.Ifyou want to experience consistent     perfection in your trades,just stay in cash.Perfection does not exist.
Chart 8.3 is a little trickier.As you can see from the inset box,the stock    initially looked like it would hold above both the daily(purple)and 2-day (blue)AVWAP(1).Instead,there was a quick shakeout(2)about five
minutes into the trading day.If you had purchased early this may have triggered a stop.
There are a couple of ways we could have avoided the frustration ofan
early loss.The first technique is to wait for the first five minutes of the day before you enter the trade.The downside is you might miss some profits at the beginning of the day.
插入图，在5.90美元附近买入将是非常合理的，止损设在当天下方低点 (1)。
返回包含内嵌图的完整图表，该股票继续上涨，创下了日内第二高  点超过$6.60,这意味着那些购买了(2)的人当天有潜力获利高达$ 0.70(11.9%),或者选择持有更长时间。对于在这里购买并打算
长期持有的人来说，他们将从第一天开始就感到交易入场的舒适。
替代入场技巧
下一个例子，在图表8.3中，显示了一个“不完美”的设置，
因为市场就是这样运作的。并非每一笔交易都会遵循你使用的   任何策略的所有指南。市场是有风险的。我们用对未知的代价   来换取获利的希望。我们的优势来自我们的策略和风险管理的。 如果你想在交易中体验持续完美，那就保持现金。完美不存在。
图表8.3稍微有点棘手。正如从内嵌框中可以看到的，该股票最初 看起来似乎将保持在每日(紫色)和2天(蓝色)AVWAP(1)    之 上。然而，在交易日的五分钟内，出现了一次快速的洗盘(2)。 如果你早些时候购买了，这可能会触发止损。
我们可以采取几种方法来避免早期亏损的挫败感。第一种技术是在进 入交易前等待一天中的前五分钟。缺点是你可能会错过当天的部分利 润。
16.5体网DAY 1                               DAY 2
16.5
体网
l
1600
练7
1550
15.580 158 157015.8015.50152
15.580 158 1570
15.80
15.50
1500
1M75
3
1450
154
l2               1530t42
l2               1530
1400
P                                   n    ²。  30                □       B
Chart 8.3 This stock shows two days of trades with 2-minute candles.Notice the inset
where there is a slight penetration of the prior day's AVWAP(blue)before buyers could
take back control for the day.Chart:TC2000.com
The   second,and   less   risky   entry   technique,is   to   wait   for   5-10   minutes   from the   open   to   buy   near(3)before   you   make   a   purchase.Ifyou   waited   for   a
new  high  to  buy,you  would  have   gotten   involved   near$15.50   and   your   risk  would  have  been  less  than  $0.20  cents  per  share  ifyour  stop  was  below  the  low  of  that   day.This  is   still  an  excellent  entry  with  limited  risk  and  positive momentum   from   the   onset   of   the   trend.
Day Three and Beyond:Uptrend
The  AVWAP  can  be  used  well  beyond  the  second  day  of  a  trend.In  a  stock
with   strong    demand,we   may    see    the   pattern    ofearly   weakness    before   trend
DAY 1                               DAY 2单32Y15.50 158 157015.80 15.50 154 153016.5体网1600练715501325150014751450t421400
DAY 1                               DAY 2
单
3
2
Y
15.50 158 1570
15.80 15.50 154 1530
16.5
体网
1600
练7
1550
1325
1500
1475
1450
t42
1400
图8.3该股票显示了两个交易日的2分钟蜡烛图。注意插入部分，其中前一天的 AVWAP  (蓝色)略有穿透，买家随后重新掌控了当天的走势。图：TC2000.com
第二种，风险较低的交易进入技术，是在开盘后等待5- 10分钟，在
(3)附近买入。如果你等待一个新高买入，你会在$15 .50附近参与，
并且如果你的止损位低于当天的低点，你的风险每股会低于$0 . 20。
这仍然是 一 个风险有限的优秀入场点，并且从趋势开始时就具有正向 动 能 。
第三天及以后：上升趋势
AVWAP  可在趋势的第二天之后很好地使用。在一个需求强劲的股票中，我们 可能会看到在趋势之前出现早期弱势的模式
continuation several days in a row as shown in Chart 8.4.
(4200DAY 22 502.007.5037.0045038.0025.50出3450345013502300225012.003150310050M0028502800DAY 3DAY1阳
(4200
DAY 2
2 50
2.00
7.50
37.00
450
38.00
25.50
出
3450
3450
1350
2300
2250
12.00
3150
3100
50
M00
2850
2800
DAY 3
DAY1
阳
Chart   8.4    This   chart    shows   three    days   of   trades    with   2-minute    candles.The   insets    show how a next-day entry can be repeated on days two and three.Chart:TC2000.com
Although the stock did not come down perfectly to the prior day VWAP  (purple  andgreen  arrows),it  showed  initial  weakness  on  days  two  and three,which  was  then  resolved  shortly  after  the  open.
连续多日，如图表8.4所示。
DAY2                                                     DAY32 502.00Mer7.5037.0045025.503450DAY1                                                                                                                             34001350230012.00315031005028502800
DAY2                                                     DAY3
2 50
2.00
Mer
7.50
37.00
450
25.50
3450
DAY1                                                                                                                             3400
1350
2300
12.00
3150
3100
50
2850
2800
Chart 8.4这张图表显示了三天的交易，使用2分钟蜡烛图。插图显示了如何在第二天和 第三天重复次日入场。图表： TC2000.com
尽管股票并没有完美地下跌到前一天的VWAP  (紫色和绿色箭头),但 它在前两天和第三天显示出初始弱势，然后在开盘后不久得到解决。
The insets on days two and three show the initial stock weakness rid the   stock of the early profit takers.As the stock climbed above the daily VWAP (green  circles)and  buyers  had   control,this  became   a  purchase
opportunity.Red  circles  markthe  price  where  you  place  the   stop(below the  morning  low).
第两天和第三天的内嵌图显示了初始库存疲软清除了早期的获利了结者。 当股价上涨超过每日VWAP  (绿色圆圈)且买家掌控局面时，这成为了一 个买入机会。红色圆圈标记了您放置止损的位置(在早晨低点下方)。
Short  Sales  with  Multi-Day  AVWAPs                 多 日AVWAP   的短期销售
Techniques that work for a stock in an uptrend are also relevant to short  sales.We will review some examples of stocks that found Resistance at,or near,a prior day's AVWAP when the stock's trend is lower.These stocks    then became low-risk,high-probability short sale candidates.
Market Psychology of the Short Setup
When a stock experiences a sharp move lower on day one and closes near  the low of that day,there will likely be sellers in the following day or days. There are also three groups of participants in the short sale market:
bargain  hunters,short   sellers,and  market  makers.
Bargain      hunters(longs)show up in the morning of day two,with the
beliefthat it is a good idea to buy the stock “on sale.”These buyers might be eager to add back on the open strength with the thought they missed the
low the day before.This increased purchase activity causes the price togo up.In a bout of FOMO,bargain hunters start buying even more,thinking    that the stock has reversed course from the previous day's decline.The
early strength convinces them that selling was overdone and "it has to go higher,because it is a good company.”
Short   sellers   without conviction in their position might get spooked by
the early strength and cover their position in order to avoid profit erosion.
Market   makers   who have to sell large quantities of the stock that day will helpencourage the bargain hunters and short sellers to chase prices
higher,by bidding the stock up in the pre-market.
For example,if the market maker needed to sell 750,000 shares they might attempt to create excitement early in the day.They do this by bidding the  stock higher in the morning.The market maker may purchase 10,000 or
适用于上涨趋势中的股票的技术也适用于卖空。我们将回顾一些在 股价趋势较低时，在先前的每日AVWAP  处或附近找到阻力位的股 票的例子。这些股票随后成为低风险、高概率的卖空候选股。
短期设置的市场心理
当一只股票在第一天经历剧烈下跌并收于当天的低点附近时，接下来的一  天或几天里很可能会有卖家。在短期卖空市场中，有三类参与者：抄底者、 卖空者和做市商。
抄底者(多头)在第二天早上出现，认为买入这只“打折”的股票是  个好主意。这些买家可能急于在开盘时追加买入，想着他们前一天错  过了低点。这种增加的购买活动导致价格上涨。在FOMO   (害怕错过) 情绪的驱使下，抄底者开始购买更多，认为这只股票已经扭转了前一  天的下跌趋势。早上的强势让他们相信卖空过度了，“它必须更高，
因为它是一家好公司。”
立场不坚定的卖空者可能会被早上的强势吓到，平仓以避免利润侵蚀。
当日必须卖出大量该股票的市场做市商将通过在盘前竞价将股价推高， 从而鼓励 bargain       hunters和 short       sellers追涨价格。
例如，如果做市商需要卖出750,000股，他们可能会试图在一天早些时候  制造一些兴奋。他们通过在早上抬高股票报价来实现这一点。做市商可能会 在早上购买10,000股或
more shares in the morning to drive the price higher so they can sell as many shares as possible at the higher morning prices.
When the stock opens higher,that market maker willthen sell the 10,000 shares they purchased and as many additional shares as they can at the    more favorable prices to work off the 750,000 share balance they have left to  sell.
If the market makers can sell 10%of the orders(75,000 shares)while the
stock is above the daily VWAP,they will be thrilled because they know that the balance of their sell order will probably push the stock(and the daily
VWAP)lower as the day progresses.Remember,this is“market impact
cost”(MIC)as discussed in Part One,Chapter 3.The initial selling gets them a quick start at what is often close to the highest prices of the day.This
helps minimize their MIC throughout the rest of the day.
If you missed the move lower on day one and did not want to short the stock near the first day close,your opportunity comes in the morning of day two. If the stock opens higher than the previous day close,you want to be ready  to sell the stock short under the following conditions.
How it unfolds:
1.The stock holds below the prior day's VWAP(see chart below).This shows sellers still have control from the start of the day the move    began.
2.Afterearly morning  strength,the  stock  stabilizes below the  2-day AVWAP,and price drops below the daily VWAP.This tells us the
更多股票，以推动价格上涨，这样他们就可以在较高的早上价格卖出尽 可能多的股票。
当股票开盘价较高时，该做市商将随后卖出他们购买的10,000股， 并在更有利的价格下卖出尽可能多的额外股票，以清偿他们剩余的 750,000股待售余额。
如果做市商能在股票高于当日VWAP 时卖出订单的10%(75,000股), 他们将非常高兴，因为他们知道其卖单余额很可能会随着白天的进行  将股票(以及当日VwapP)    推低。记住，这是第一部分第3章中讨论  的“市场影响成本” (MIC)。  初始卖出让他们在接近当日最高价时  快速开始。这有助于在整个白天的其余时间里最小化他们的MIC。
第二天：下行价格行动跟进行动
如果你错过了第一天下跌的行情并且不希望在第一天收盘附近做空股 票，你的机会出现在第二天的早晨。如果股票开盘价高于前一天收盘 价，你希望在以下条件下准备好做空该股票。
如何展开：
1.股价低于前一日的VWAP   (见下图)。这表明卖方从当天开 始移动时仍占据主导地位。
2.上午早些时候力量之后，股价在2天AVWAP  下方稳定，价格跌破 每日VWAP。这告诉我们
sellers have regained control of the trend for the new day and it is then their game to lose.
3.We sell the stock short as it drops back below the daily VWAP and place our stop above the high of the morning.
4.If our stop doesn't trigger,we hold the stock and lower our stop to
just above the “most recent and relevant lower-high”for the timeframe we intend to hold the trade.
Short-term entry tactics like this can be used to establish a position in the stock which might be held for a day trade,or even a longer-term
investment.
Charts 8.5,8.6,and 8.7 show some examples of how we can use this information to identify low risk/high probability entries into short positions.
Chart 8.5 is an example of a stock which experienced strong selling on day one,where it dropped from$61 to a low of$57.
卖方已经重新控制了新天的趋势，然后轮到他们输掉比赛。
3. 当股票价格回落至每日VWAP  下方时，我们做空该股票，并将止损 单设置在早晨高点之上。
4.如果我们的止损单未被触发，我们将持有该股票，并将止损单下调 至我们打算持有的交易时间框架中“最近且相关的较低高点”之上。
这种短期入场策略可用于在股票中建立头寸，该头寸可能被持有以进行日 内交易，甚至可能成为长期投资。
图表8.5、8.6和8.7展示了我们如何利用这些信息来识别空头头寸的 低风险/高概率入场点。
图8.5是一个股票在第一天经历强劲卖盘的例子，它从61美元下跌至57美元 的低点 。
DAY 1
.I'I59.50
.I'I
DAY 2
58
m    n
57
Chart 8.5 This chart shows a stock over the course of two days using 2-minute candles.
The inset shows the beginning of day two using 1-minute candles for greater detail into
the  short  sale.Chart:TC2000.com
The   next    day,the   stock    opened   higher,initially    looking    like   buyers    might
gain  back   control.Once  it  dropped  below   the  blue   AVWAP  from  day  one  and the purple daily VWAP(green circle),it was clear the sellers were back in   control.
For  those  who  resisted  FOMO  buys  and  kept  their  focus  on  price  action,the cross  back  below  those  two  AVWAPs  marked  an  excellent  short  sale
opportunity.
As  always,once  in  the   stock,the   stop  would  go   above  “the  most  recent  and   relevant lower-high,"which was above the morning high at$59.50.As the   stock   continued   lower  through  the   day,it  would  be  prudent  to   cover  part   of
图8.5这张图表展示了两天内的股票走势，使用2分钟蜡烛图。插入部分显示了第二 天开始时的1分钟蜡烛图，以便更详细地观察短期卖空情况。图表：TC2000.com
第二天，该股票开盘走高，最初看起来买方可能重新获得控制权。 一 旦它跌破第 一 天的蓝色AVWAP   和紫色每日VWAP     ( 绿 色 圆 圈 ) , 很 明显卖方重新掌握了控制权。
对于那些抵制了FOMO 买入并专注于价格行动的人来说，这两条AV WAP  线下的回调构成了一个绝佳的短期卖空机会。
一如既往，一旦进入股票，止损位会高于“最近且相关的更低高点”,该点位于上午高 点59.50美元之上。随着股票在一天中继续下跌，明智的做法是获利了结部分仓位，以 降低整体风险，并将剩余仓位的止损位调整到符合预期持有时间的适当水平。
the position profitably to reduce the overall risk and lower the stop on the balance to  a  level  appropriate to the  anticipated hold time.
Sell Green to Red?
Notice the day two entry technique will get you in the stock ahead of the
momentum buyers  who  like  to  sell  short  a“green  to  red”move.Many
market participants like to sell short at the point stocks go from positive at the  start  of  the  day(green)to  negative  on  the  day(red).When  we  short  as  the stock crosses below the daily VWAP,it can get us into the stock well
before  the  net  change  traders.
Chart 8.6 shows a less than perfect example to demonstrate some of the nuances  of the  setup.
As I've often said,if you only look for the “cookie cutter entries,"you will   miss  many  nuanced  opportunities  for  accurate  entries  into  long  and  short positions.
Chart 8.6 shows day one with a lot of volatility near the open.If you waited to enter the trade as the stock dropped below the day one VWAP(A),you    would have been able to participate in the initial weakness with a stop
above  the  first  lower-high  shown(B)and  then  lower  the  stop  accordingly.
获利了结部分仓位，以降低整体风险，并将剩余仓位的止损位调整到符合预 期持有时间的适当水平。
将绿变红?
注意第二天入场技巧，这将让你在动量买家(喜欢做空“绿变红”行 情)之前进入股票。许多市场参与者喜欢在股票从开盘时正值(绿) 变为当日负值(红)时做空。当我们在股票跌破每日VWAP 时做空， 可以让我们在净变化交易者之前就进入股票。
图8.6展示了一个不太完美的例子，以说明该设置的某些细微差别。
如我常说的，如果你只寻找“现成入场点”,你将错过许多用于准确进入 多空头寸的细微机会。
图表8.6显示了第一天开盘附近波动很大。如果你等到股票跌破第一 天 的VWAP(A)      时才入场交易，你将能够参与最初的弱势，并以第 一个较低的高点 (B)  上方设置止损，然后相应地降低止损。
78.85BDAY      112317204p  101     ll      12p      1p       e       3e.05179517.8517.8018.8018.7518.7018.6518.6018.5518.5018.4518.4018.3518.3018.2518.204   101     11:12p      1p      1p17.30i72517.4517403517.7517.7017.5517.6017551750DAY     217.1517.9017.10
78.85
B
DAY      1
1
2
3
1720
4p  101     ll      12p      1p       e       3e
.05
1795
17.85
17.80
18.80
18.75
18.70
18.65
18.60
18.55
18.50
18.45
18.40
18.35
18.30
18.25
18.20
4   101     11:
12p      1p      1p
17.30
i725
17.45
174035
17.75
17.70
17.55
17.60
1755
1750
DAY     2
17.15
17.90
17.10
Chart     8.6A2-minute     chart     for     two      days.The     green     dots     represent      three     different     short
sale          entry          options.Chart:TC2000.com
On       day       two,there       were       three       possible       short        entry       points       represented       by the       green       dots:
1.As       the        stock       dropped        below       the        daily       VWAP(purple).
2.As       the        stock       dropped        below       the        two-day       AVWAP(blue).
3.As       the       stock       went“green        to       red”(opened       higher       in        green       and became      red      with      the      net      negative      change).
Day Three and Beyond:Downtrend
In      a      stock      with      strong      supply,we      may      see      the      pattern      of     early      strength before      trend      continuation       several      days       in      a      row,like       in      Chart       8.7.
BDAY      1                                                                第  2  天2leae    a4pIte                                                                 do lo718..818.7518.7018.6518.6018.5518.5018.4518.40  183018.25 18.20 18.15 18.1018..01177..917.8517.8017.751177.575017.60175517504517.401735i730172517..17.10
B
DAY      1                                                                第  2  天
2
leae    a
4pIte                                                                 do lo
718..8
18.75
18.70
18.65
18.60
18.55
18.50
18.45
18.40  1830
18.25 18.20 18.15 18.10
18..0
1177..9
17.85
17.80
17.75
1177.5750
17.60
1755
175045
17.40
1735
i730
1725
17..
17.10
图表8:6-A2  分钟图表，用于两天。绿色点'-代表三种不同的短期卖出入场选项。图表：
TC2000.com
在 第 二 天 ， 有 三 个 可 能 的 短 仓 入 场 点 ， 由 绿 色 圆 点 表 示 ：
1.  当 股 票 跌 破 每 日VWAP           ( 紫 色 ) 。
2.  当 股 价 跌 破 两 日AVWAP            ( 蓝 色 ) 。
3.  当 股 价 出 现 “ 绿 转 红 ” ( 在 绿 色 中 开 盘 更 高 ， 随 后 变 为 红 色 ， 且 净 变 化 为 负 ) 。
第三天及以后：下跌趋势
在 一 个 供 应 强 劲 的 股 票 中 ， 我 们 可 能 会 连 续 几 天 看 到 早 期 强 势 的 模 式 ， 然 后 趋 势 继 续 ， 就 像 在 图 表 8 . 7 中 那 样 。
99.0098507980017.50970055019600175.509950094501 40011509  3002509  2009  1509  100 i1900019501  9.0018.50 18001  7.50DAY2                                                       DAY 3↓↓DAY1cB
99.00
9850
79800
17.50
9700
550
19600
175.50
99500
9450
1 400
1150
9  300
250
9  200
9  150
9  100 i
19000
1950
1  9.00
18.50 1800
1  7.50
DAY2                                                       DAY 3
↓↓
DAY1
c
B
Chart  8.7  This  bearish  chart  is  constructed  of  5-minute   candles.It  shows  the  short  sale
entry   areas   with   the   green   dots   on   days   one,two   and   three.Chart:TC2000.com
There will be times when a stock in a strong downtrend finds supply at the  previous days'AVWAPs.The stock in Chart 8.7 gapped lower on day one(A) and  initially  found  support  at  the  VWAP(green  arrows).Later  in  the  day,
the stock dropped below the VWAP(blue)and that VWAP then became resistance(red  arrows)and  the  stock  closed  near  the  low  of the  day.
On  day two,the  stock  gapped up(B)and  showed  some  initial  volatility  and then  dropped  below  both  the  daily(purple)VWAP  and  the(blue)AVWAP   from day one.The green dot on day two shows an excellent short sale
location with  a  stop  above  the  morning  high(red  arrows).
On  day  three,the  stock  gapped  higher  again(C)and  ran  right  into  the
AVWAP from day one(blue).That marked the high of the day.After about ten  minutes,the  stock  dropped  back  below  the  new  two-day(purple)
AVWAP       and       the       daily(black)VWAP.Ashort       sale       here(green       dot)took
99.009850798001975070055019600175.5099500994501 40011509  3002509  2009  1509100 i1900019501  9.0018.50 18001  7.50IDAY 3DAY2DAY1cB
99.00
9850
79800
19750
700
550
19600
175.50
99500
99450
1 400
1150
9  300
250
9  200
9  150
9100 i
19000
1950
1  9.00
18.50 1800
1  7.50
I
DAY 3
DAY2
DAY1
c
B
图8.7这张看跌图表由5分钟蜡烛图构成。它显示了在第一天、第二天和第三天用绿色圆 点标记的短期卖空入场区域。-图表：TC2000.com
有时，一个处于强劲下跌趋势的股票会在前几天的AVWAP  处找到供应。图 表8.7中的股票在第一天 (A)  出现向下跳空，并最初在VWAP (绿色箭头) 处找到支撑。当天稍晚，该股票跌破VWAP    ( 蓝 色 ) , 然 后VWAP   成 为 阻
力 ( 红 色 箭 头 ) , 该 股 票 收 盘 于 当 天 的 最 低 点 。
在第二天，股票跳空上涨 (B),      并显示出一些初始波动性，然后跌破 第一天的每日(紫色) VWAP 和(蓝色)AVWAP 。 第二天上的绿色圆 点显示了极佳的短期卖空位置，止损位在早晨高点(红色箭头)之上。
在第三天，股票再次向上跳空 (C),     并直接触及第一天(蓝色)的
AVWAP。这标志着当天的最高点。大约十分钟后，股票回落至新的两日 (紫色)AVWAP 和每日(黑色)VWAP 下方。在此处的卖空(绿色点) 获 利
advantage  of  the  failure  of  the  early   strength  and  then  benefited  from strong    selling    pressure.
It is  always  a good idea to  cover part of the position when the  stock
experiences  a  quick  selloff,and  then  lower  your  stops  on  the  balance  to  a level  that  doesn't  allow  the  position  to  turn  to  a  loss.
Risk Management
When a  stock makes  a  strong move  on  day  one it can be tempting to get
involved  in  the  trade   at  the   start  of  trading  the  next  morning.Rather  than jump  in  with  no  strategy  and  hope  the  trend  will  continue,we  use  the  day two AVWAP in conjunction with the daily VWAP to identify the lowest risk entry   for   trend   continuation.
A  disciplined  approach  like  this  allows  us  to  get  involved  in  the  trade  at  the lowest  risk  point.Because  we   enter  the  trade   at  the   start  of  new
momentum  we  also  reduce  the  risk  oftying  up  our  capital  in  a  stock  as  we wait  for  it  to  move.Also,this  approach  gives  us  greater  profit  potential.
1      We refer to it as the 2-day AVWAP,but it is not a full two days.As an example,at   10:00 a.m.Eastern on day two,it is the AVWAP of one day,plus 30 minutes.It would be a 420-minute AVWAP(390 minutes from the previous day plus 30 minutes of the new   day).
利用了早期强度的失败，然后受益于强大的卖压。
当股票经历快速抛售时，覆盖部分仓位总是一个好主意，然后降低 止损位到不会让仓位转为亏损的水平。
风险管理
当股票在第一天出现强劲走势时，可能会诱人在第二天交易开 始时参与交易。与其毫无策略地跳进去并希望趋势会继续，我们使 用第二天AVWAP   与 每 日VWAP   结 合，以识别趋势延续的最低风 险入场点。
采用这种自律的方法使我们能够在风险最低的点位参与交易。因为我们是在 新动量的开始时进入交易，所以我们减少了在等待股票动起来时将资本押在 一只股票上的风险。此外，这种方法也给了我们更大的盈利潜力。
1我们称之为2天AVWAP, 但它不是完整的两天。例如，在第二天东部时 间上午10:00,它是前一天的AVWAP   加30分钟。这将是一个420分钟的 AVWAP   (前一天的390分钟加上新一天的30分钟)。
KEY TAKEAWAYS·The  previous(or   several   days)AVWAP   is   an   importantreference  level  for  stocks  that  experienced  a  momentummove.·The   more   accurate   the   entry,regardless   of   the   planned hold  time,the  tighter  you  can   set  your   stop,and  themore  time you have with  momentum  in  your  favor.·This  strategy  will  help  you  catch  more  winners  that  have broken  out(or  down)at  the  beginning  of  a  multi-daymomentum    campaign.·Whether  you  use  this  technique  for  a  day  trade,multi-   day,or  longer  hold,it  can  help  you  enter  a  trend  at  the lowest-risk  point  possible.·Day   two(and   three)AVWAP   entries   provide   anadvantage   over   net   price   change   traders(red-to-green buyers   and   green-to-red   sellers).·    Because  we  enter  the  trade  at  the  start  of newmomentum we also reduce the risk of tying up our
KEY TAKEAWAYS
·The  previous(or   several   days)AVWAP   is   an   important
reference  level  for  stocks  that  experienced  a  momentum
move.
·The   more   accurate   the   entry,regardless   of   the   planned hold  time,the  tighter  you  can   set  your   stop,and  the
more  time you have with  momentum  in  your  favor.
·This  strategy  will  help  you  catch  more  winners  that  have broken  out(or  down)at  the  beginning  of  a  multi-day
momentum    campaign.
·Whether  you  use  this  technique  for  a  day  trade,multi-   day,or  longer  hold,it  can  help  you  enter  a  trend  at  the lowest-risk  point  possible.
·Day   two(and   three)AVWAP   entries   provide   an
advantage   over   net   price   change   traders(red-to-green buyers   and   green-to-red   sellers).
·    Because  we  enter  the  trade  at  the  start  of new
momentum we also reduce the risk of tying up our
关键要点
关键要点
对于经历了一次动量行情的股票来说，之前的(或几天 的 )AVWAP  是一个重要的参考水平。
输入越准确，无论计划持仓时间如何，你都可以设置 更紧的止损，并且更有利于利用动量。
这种策略将帮助你捕捉更多在多日动量战役初期突破 (或下跌)的赢家。
无论你使用这种技巧进行日内交易、多日交易还是长 期持仓，它都能帮助你以最低风险点进入趋势。
第二天(和第三天)的AVWAP  入场比净价变动交易 者(红转绿买入和绿转红卖出)更有优势。
因为我们是在新动力的开始时进入交易，所以我们也 会 降 低 我 们
capital in a stock as we wait for it to move.Also,this approach gives us greater profit potential.
Telegram:@Gro
capital in a stock as we wait for it to move.Also,this approach gives us greater profit potential.
Telegram:@GroupBuys_Bot
CHAPTER 9
AVWAP GAP TRADING
"In a time of rapid change,standing still is the most dangerous course of action."
—Brian Trac
Chapter Objectives
1.Identify  and  understand  the  four  different  types  of  gaps
2.Avoid  chasing  a  stock  that  gaps
3.Disciplined  strategies  for  trading  stocks  that  gap
Agaponrepresents  a  sudden  shift  in  a  stock's  valuation  that  leaves  an  area the  chart without  any  trade  activity.They  are  easily  seen  when
Agap
on
successive candles do not touch or overlap.Agap is a  simple
第九章
AVWAP  缺口 交易
“在快速变化的时代，停滞不前是最危险的行
动方案。”—布莱恩 ·崔西
章节目标，
1.识别和理解四种不同的缺口类型2.避免追逐跳空高 开的股票3.跳空高开股票交易的纪律性策略
A?代表股票估值突然发生变动，导致图表上出现无交易活动的区域。当连续 的蜡烛图不接触或重叠时，它们很容易被观察到。一个缺口是一个简单的
representation of a rapid shift in the supply/demand dynamics for the
stock.A gap higher(bullish)occurs when the price opens above the high of the prior day.Agap lower(bearish)occurs when the price opens below the
close of the prior day.See Chart 9.1 for examples of bullish and bearish gaps.
Four Types of Gaps
All price gaps are not the same,there are different classifications of gaps. This chapter will discuss why gaps are important to recognize and
understand,as well as specific AVWAP strategies to trade them.There are four commonly accepted gap classifications:Common,Breakaway,
Continuation,and Exhaustion.
Chart 9.1 This stock shows examples of gaps up(green highlights)and down(red
highlights)on a daily chart.Chart:TC2000.com
股票供需动态快速变动的表现。缺口向上(看涨)发生在价格开盘高 于前一天的收盘价时。缺口向下(看跌)发生在价格开盘低于前一天 的最高价时。参见图表9.1了解看涨和看跌缺口的示例。
四种缺口类型
所有价格缺口并不相同，存在不同的缺口分类。本章将讨论为何识别和理 解缺口很重要，以及针对缺口的具体 AVWAP  交易策略。通常有四种公认 的缺口分类：普通缺口、突破缺口、持续缺口和竭尽缺口。
图9.1该股票显示了日线图上的向上缺口(绿色高亮)和向下缺口(红色高亮)的 示例。图：TC2000.com
Common Gaps
A common gap occurs regularly in a stock because ofnormal trade
imbalances from day-to-day.Minor news,such as an analyst's upgrade or downgrade,may cause a common gap,or it couldjust be a buyer or seller  who is motivated by factors known only to them.
Common gaps do not lead to longer-term trend shifts.Common gaps are typically"filled"or “closed”when trades occur in the prior gap range.   Common gaps typically take no longer than a few days to fill.Chart 9.2    shows common gaps higher and lower.
In Chart 9.2,the blue circles represent the common gaps.The highlighted area shows how the smaller first gap(1)filled almost immediately,while   gap(2)filled the next day(blue arrow).Gaps(3 and6)did not get filled for the time shown on this chart.Most common gaps get filled.
Common gaps offer excellent short-term trade opportunities,especially in
a stock where there is an existing Stage 2 Uptrend or Stage 4 Downtrend
(See the Market Structure Chart in AppendixA).For stocks stuck in Stage 1 Accumulation or Stage 3 Distribution,there is typically no edge to trade a    common gap.
常见缺口
普通缺口会因日常交易不平衡而定期出现在股票中。轻微消息，如 分析师的升级或降级，可能导致普通缺口，或者可能只是受其自身 仅知晓因素驱动的买方或卖方。
常见缺口不会导致长期趋势变化。常见缺口通常在之前的缺口范 围内发生交易时被“填补”或“封闭”。常见缺口通常在几天内 被填补。图9.2显示了更高和更低的常见缺口。
在图9.2中，蓝色圆圈代表常见缺口。高亮区域显示了较小第一个缺口(1) 几乎立即被填补，而缺口(2)在下一个交易日(蓝色箭头)被填补。缺口 (3和6)在图表显示的时间内没有被填补。大多数常见缺口会被填补。
普通缺口提供了绝佳的短期交易机会，尤其是在存在现有阶段2上升 趋势或阶段4下降趋势的股票中(参见附录A 中的市场结构图)。对
于陷入阶段1积累或阶段3分配的股票，通常没有交易普通缺口的优势。
Chart 9.2 This 30-minute chart shows common gaps that appear when there is an order
imbalance at the open,but it is not a significant enough event to lead to a longer-term
trend.Chart:TC2000.com
Chase the Gap or Wait for AVWAP?
In 2008,I wrote one of my first articles about the AVWAP,"Chase the Gap or Wait for VWAP?”Over the last two decades,the strategy outlined in that
article has served me well and I still use it today.
The article laid out techniques to trade stocks with a common gap.This
strategy provides  a  low-riskentry  into  a  stock  which  has  experienced  a
gap.When  a  stock  gap  is higher,we  are told there  are two  choices:buy the  open strength and hope it holds or buy as the stock pulls back from the gap
图9.2这张30分钟图表显示了在开盘时出现订单不平衡时常见的缺口，但这并不是 一个足以导致长期趋势的重大事件。图表：TC2000.com
追逐缺口还是等待 AVWAP?
2008年，我写了一篇关于AVWAP的早期文章之一，“追逐缺口还是等待
VWAP?”  在过去的二十年中，那篇文章中概述的策略对我非常有益，我至 今仍在使用它。
这篇文章概述了使用常见缺口交易股票的技术。这种策略为经历过缺口的 股票提供了一个低风险的入场点。当股票缺口较高时，我们被告知有两个 选择：买入开盘强度并希望其保持稳定，或者买入股票从缺口回落时
strength.A third option,wait for the AVWAP,is the technique we explore
by using a one-minute timeframe.Keepin mind,the same concepts apply to the longer timeframes with the AVWAP from the gap.
To trade a common gap successfully we need to consult shorter,intraday timeframes.Chart 9.3 is constructed of 1-minute candles.The green
highlighted area shows the gap higher from the previous day close near
$99/share(2),up to an open price of $102.75.Anyone who purchased the   stock at the open of the first few minutes of the day had to choose between two options.
The first option is to hold the stock as it plummeted back down to $99 in the first few minutes(2),or to stand aside,let the stock settle down and wait for evidence the buyers were back in control before getting involved.
The second option was to wait for the stock to rally back above the daily
VWAP(1).This is where the buyers were back in control of the stock for the day.A purchase at this point would put you in the stock after the shakeout. If the move was to fail after entry,a stop under the low ofthe day(2)would  limit any loss.A stop would go under(2)because it is "the most recent and   relevant higher low.”
强度。第三种选择是等待AVWAP, 这是我们使用一分钟时间框架探索的技 术。请记住，相同的概念也适用于从缺口开始的AVWAP  的较长时间框架。
要成功交易一个普通跳空缺口，我们需要参考更短、日内的时间周期。图  9.3由1分钟蜡烛图构成。绿色高亮区域显示了从前一天收盘价附近99美元/ 股(2)跳空高开至102.75美元的开盘价。任何在当天前几分钟开盘时买入 股票的人都必须在两个选项之间做出选择。
第一个选项是持有股票，看它在前几分钟(2)暴跌回99美元，或者   选择观望，让股票平复下来，等待买家重新掌控市场的证据后再参与。
第二种选择是等待股票回升至每日VwaP(1)   以上。这是当天买方重 新掌控股票的时机。在此点买入将使你能在洗盘后持有股票。如果入 场后行情失败，则会在日内最低价(2)下方设置止损以限制损失。
止损会设在(2)下方，因为它被定义为“最近且最相关的更高低点。”
106.5
106.0
1056
105.0
104.5
104.0
3103.5
3
103.0
102.75
102.5
1020
101.5
@Grou101.0legram:
@Grou
101.0
100.5
100.0
299.50
2
99.00
98.50
1p                        29                             J。4p          10 。           11                              12p
1p                        29                             J。
Chart 9.3 This 1-minute chart is a bullish example of how to use the “chase the gapor wait for VWAP”strategy.Chart:TC2000.com
The   stock   continued   higher   throughout  the   day   and   the   VWAP   found  buyers on a quick test later in the day(3).It is up to the trader to decide if the stock is  worth  holding  for  more  than  a  day  trade.This  decision  would  depend  on
the   trend   of   longer   timeframes,the   condition   of   the   overall   market   and
106.5106.08105.0104.5104.0103.5103.0102.75102.51020101.5egram:    @Grou100.5100.099.5099.0098.50101.03
106.5
106.0
8
105.0
104.5
104.0
103.5
103.0
102.75
102.5
1020
101.5
egram:    @Grou
100.5
100.0
99.50
99.00
98.50
101.0
3
图9.3这是一份1分钟K线图，展示了如何使用“追逐缺口或等待VWAP” 策略的看涨示 例。图源：TC2000.com
股票全天持续上涨， Vwap  在当天稍晚时(3)遭遇快速测试并找到买方。是 否值得为超过一天的交易持有该股票，取决于交易者。这一决定将取决于更 长时间框架的趋势、整体市场状况和
personal  risk  tolerance  levels.My  preference  is  to  take  partial  profits  and let  the  winner  run.
In  Chart  9.4,we  see  the  opposite,a  stock  which  gapped  lower,rallied  for about 45 minutes and then broke below the VWAP of the day.
Chart 9.4 is a 1-minute chart of a stock which closed on day one at
approximately   $105.30(1).The   stock  gapped  lower(blue  highlight)to  open at about $104.60 on day two.
If you had shorted this stock at the open,you would have shorted near the   low of the first hour of the day,$103.90(2).It was worse for the person who shorted at the open,because the stock went positive on the day for a few
minutes(3)and  that  might  have  caused  them  to  panic  and  cover  the  short at a loss.
Rather than short the open,it makes more sense to see if the buyers fail to take control,and then short the stock once the stock drops back below the  daily VWAP(4).When you avoid the initial choppy action in the stock,you   are more likely to enter the trade at the correct time,with a logical place    for your stop being above the high of the day(3).Agood entry goes a long   way in the ability to hold the stock for longer timeframes.
Of course,there will be times when the stock gaps higher and continues to   rally  straight up  through the  course  of the  day,or  gaps  lower  and  continues to sell off for the day.
个人风险承受能力水平。我的偏好是获利部分并让赢家继续运行。
在图9.4中，我们看到相反的情况，一只股票跳空低开，反弹了大约45分 钟，然后跌破当天的VWAP。
图9.4是一只股票的1分钟图表，它在第一天大约收于105.30美元(1)。 该股票在第二天跳空低开(蓝色高亮)至约104.60美元。
如果你在开盘时做空这只股票，你会在当天的第一个小时的低点附  近做空，103.90美元(2)。对于在开盘时做空的人来说情况更糟， 因为该股票在当天有几个小时内为正(3),这可能会让他们恐慌并 在亏损的情况下平仓。
与其在开盘时做空，不如看看买家是否无法掌控局面，然后在股票  回落至每日VWAP  以下时做空(4)。当你避免股票的初始波动行为 时，你更有可能在正确的时间进入交易，你的止损位可以设置在当  天的最高点(3)以上。 一个好的入场点对于能够长时间持有股票的 能力有很大帮助。
当然，有时股票会跳空高开并全天持续上涨，或者跳空低开并全天持 续下跌。
105.00 105.90 “10580  105.70 105.60105.50 10540105.30104.80 104.70 104.60 10450104.40 104.30 10420104.10 104.00 103.90 103.80 103.70103.60 103.50 103.40 103.30 10320  103.10103.00 102.90 10280102.70102.60 1025010240102.30 10220102.10 102.00 101.90 101.80 101.70 101.60 101.50 101.40 101.30 101.20 101.10101.00 100.9010080100.70 100.60。                ":               12p                            1p104902p3p2
105.00 105.90 “10580  105.70 105.60
105.50 10540
105.30
104.80 104.70 104.60 10450
104.40 104.30 10420
104.10 104.00 103.90 103.80 103.70
103.60 103.50 103.40 103.30 10320  103.10
103.00 102.90 10280
102.70
102.60 10250
10240
102.30 10220
102.10 102.00 101.90 101.80 101.70 101.60 101.50 101.40 101.30 101.20 101.10
101.00 100.90
10080
100.70 100.60
。                ":               12p                            1p
10490
2p
3p
2
Chart 9.4 This is a bearish example on a 1-minute timeframe of how to use the “chase
the gap or wait for VWAP"strategy.Chart:TC2000.com
No trade method will get you into 100%of the winners.That should not   be  your  goal.The  goal  is   to  find  the   low-risk,high  probability  trades  and a large part of that comes from the confidence in your approach.As it is
10600 105.50 105.5010570105.60105.50105.4010653105.0105.00 10490  104.80 104.70104.60 10450104.40 10430  10420104.1004.00103.90   103.80 103.70 103.60   10350103.40103.00 10291024002.703010220102.00 101.90 101.80101.70 101.60 101.50  101.40101.30 10120101.10 101.00 100.90 10080100.70002
10600 105.50 105.50
10570
105.60
105.50
105.40
10653
105.0
105.00 10490  104.80 104.70
104.60 10450
104.40 10430  10420
104.10
04.00
103.90   103.80 103.70 103.60   10350
103.40
103.00 1029
10240
02.70
30
10220
102.00 101.90 101.80
101.70 101.60 101.50  101.40
101.30 10120
101.10 101.00 100.90 10080
100.70
00
2
图9.4这是在1分钟时间框架上如何使用“追逐缺口或等待VWAP” 策略的一个看跌 示例。图：TC2000.com
没有交易方法能让你抓住100%的赢家。那不应该是你的目标。目标是  找到低风险、高概率的交易，而这很大程度上来自于你对方法的信心。 就目前而言
said,“it  is  better  to  be  on  the  sidelines  in  cash,wishing  you  were  in,than
it  is  to  be  in  the  market  wishing  you  were  out.”
Gap/AVWAP Several Days
Sometimes  a  stock  will  experience  a  large  gap  when  it  might  take  a  few
days  for  the  market  to  digest  the  gains  or  losses  before  the  primary  trend
resumes.People  who  get  excited  about  the  news  will  chase  the   stock  on  the open  and  pay  higher  than  necessary,as   seen  in   Chart  9.5.On  the   first  day,   the  stock  gapped  from$29.60  to   $30.40(blue  highlight).We  anchor  our
VWAP  to  the  first  candle  of  the  day(1,see  inset  for  detail).
皓PE外9M0 肠25猫ā0J391002259的2新L501.0959025am     @10
皓
PE
外9
M0 肠
25猫
ā
0
J39
100
2259
的
2
新L50
1.0
959
0
25
am     @
10
Chart 9.5 This chart uses 2-minute candles for the two days of trades shown.Chart:
TC2000.com
At(2)the stock cleared the AVWAP and it would make sense to purchase the  stock  at($30.30)with  a  stop  below the low  of the  day(3).
他说： “在现金旁边观望比在市场中希望退出要好。”
缺口/AVWAP  多日
有时一只股票会出现较大的缺口，而市场可能需要几天时间来消化这些收益 或损失，然后主要趋势才会恢复。对新闻感到兴奋的人会在开盘时追涨这只 股票，并支付不必要的更高价格，如图9.5所示。第一天，该股票从29.60美 元跳升至30.40美元(蓝色高亮)。我们将我们的VwépP 锚定在当天的第一 根蜡烛上(1,详细情况请参见插图)。
皓T外9M0 肠25%nām新1驰L.0959925Iar10
皓
T
外9
M0 肠
25%
nā
m
新1驰
L.0
959
9
25
I
ar
10
图9.5这张图表使用了两天交易中显示的2分钟蜡烛图。图表：TC2000.com
在(2)处，股票清除了AVWAP,   此时以($30.30)购买股票，并在当天的最 低价(3)下方设置止损是有意义的。
After a quick surge up to$32.50,the stock experienced some profit taking.It found enough demand at the VWAP(4)to provide support for the next leg    higher.The stock finished near the high of the day.
Ifyou missed the entry on day one,the stock gapped higher again on day
two(blue highlight)and you should set your VWAP anchor to the first
candle of the day(5).After a couple of minutes below the purple AVWAP,
the stock crossed back up through the VWAP(6).A purchase(6)would have made sense,with a stop below the low of the day(7).As we know,all trades  will not be winners and this trade would have been stopped out with a
small loss.
About 10 minutes later,the stock crossed back up through the VWAP(9).It can be a frustrating experience when it crosses back above the AVWAP so
soon after a small loss.The taste of the prior loss might have preventedyou from a logical new entry(9).
Ifyou stuck to your strategy,you would purchase the stock again and set   the new stop under the new low of the day(8).This buy turned into a nice winner as it rallied from the purchase price of$34up as high as $38 later  that  day.
After it hit the high of$38,it pulled back to the VWAP(10)and briefly
bounced before it made a lower high and broke below the VWAP(11).Ifyou used this level as a stop,it would have resulted in a sale at$36.25,a day
trade gain of$2.25 or 6.7%.
Ifyou held the stock from the day one purchase price of$30.30(2),you
would be in a stronger position and might have trailed your stop up under    the   blue    AVWAP   from    day    one.This   would    have   kept    you   in    the    stock   with    a  stop near$35 at the end of day two.Another alternative would have been to allow the initial volatility of day two to settle down and then raise your stop on half the position to under the day two VWAP(purple)and the balance
在快速上涨至$32.50后，股票经历了一些获利了结。它在VWAP(4) 处找到 了足够的买盘，为下一波上涨提供了支撑。股票收盘价接近当天的最高价。
如果你错过了第一天入场的机会，第二天(蓝色高亮)股票又跳空高 开，你应该将你的VWAP  锚点设置为当天的第一根K 线(5)。在紫
色AVWAP 下方停留几分钟之后，股票再次穿过VWAP(6) 。   在 这
一点进行买入(6)是有意义的，止损可以设置在当天的最低点(7)。 正如我们所知，并非所有交易都会盈利，这笔交易最终会以小亏损被   止损出局。
大约10分钟后，股票再次穿过VWAP(9) 。  当它很快又回到AVWAP之上  时，这会是一个令人沮丧的经历。之前的亏损感可能阻止了你进行一个理性 的新入场(9)。
如果你坚持你的策略，你会再次买入股票，并将新的止损设置在当 天的新的最低点(8)。这次买入变成了一笔漂亮的盈利，因为它 从买入价34美元反弹，当天最高达到了38美元。
在触及$38的高点后，它回落至VWAP(10)   并短暂反弹，然后形成 一个更低的高点并跌破VWAP(11)。  如果你将此水平用作止损位，
将会在$36.25处卖出，实现$2.25的日内交易利润，涨幅为6.7%。
如果你从第一天就持有该股票，购买价格为$30.30(2),你将处于  更有利的位置，并且可能将止损线设在第一天蓝色AVWAP   下方。这 将使你在第二天结束时仍持有该股票，止损线设在接近$35的位置。 另一个选择是让第二天初期的波动性平复下来，然后将一半头寸的止  损线设在第二天紫色 VWAP 下方，剩余部分
below the blue AVWAP from day one.With this strategy you would have
sold half the stock from the purchase of$30.30 at$36.25(11)and to
continue to hold the balance with a stop under the day one blue AVWAP at $35.There is never one best way to set stops,only a best way for your risk tolerance and your expected hold time.
Breakaway Gaps
A breakaway gap occurs when a stock breaks free of a longer-term
consolidation(Stage  1,Accumulation  or  3,Distribution),usually with  a
large increase in volume.The breakaway gap acts as an ignition to
momentum that can last months to years.An intermediate to longer-term
trader or investor will want to learn to recognize a breakaway gap because   of the longer-term implications for the stock.When breakaway gaps occur    with a news catalyst such as an earnings surprise,it is more likely the stock will continue to trend in the gap's direction than it is to fail.If the news that  motivated the gap is unexpected and meaningful,it is more likely to lead to  a  sustained  trend.
Upside Breakaway Gaps
Chart 9.6 shows a breakaway gap that led to a longer-term trend.The large gap(1)showed a group of motivated buyers.We anchor our AVWAP to that point.A few days after the initial gap,the stock briefly pulled back and
found buyers(2)at the AVWAP anchored from the gap.The support at the AVWAP showed a strong appetite for the stock and a purchase(3)made
sense because it made a higher-high after the AVWAP was tested,with a stop below the pullback low(2)because it was the “most recent and
relevant  higher-low.”
设在蓝色AVWAP 下方。采用这种策略，你将卖出一半在$30.30购买   的股票，价格为$36.25(11),并继续持有剩余部分，止损线设在第一  天蓝色AVWAP 下方，价格为$35。设置止损线从来没有一种最佳方法， 只有一种最适合你风险承受能力和预期持有时间的方法。
突破缺口
突破缺口发生在股票突破长期整理区间(第一阶段，积累或第三阶段， 分配)时，通常伴随着成交量的大幅增加。突破缺口作为动量的点火  器，可以持续数月甚至数年。中短期至长期交易者或投资者需要学会  识别突破缺口，因为这对股票具有长期影响。当突破缺口伴随着新闻  催化剂(如盈利意外)发生时，股票更有可能继续沿缺口方向趋势，  而不是失败。如果推动缺口的消息出乎意料且意义重大，它更有可能  引发持续趋势。
向上突破缺口
图9.6显示了一个突破缺口，导致了中长期趋势。这个大缺口(1)显! 示了一群有动力的买家。我们将我们的AVWAP 锚定在那个点上。在  初始缺口几天后，股票短暂回调并在AVWAP 锚定的缺口处找到了买  家 ( 2 ) 。AVWAP 处的支撑显示了强烈的股票需求，并且由于在
AVWAP 被测试后形成了更高的高点，因此这次购买(3)是有意义 的，同时设置了低于回调低点(2)的止损，因为它被确定为“最近 且最相关的更高低点。"
3405+325 330012.59  3200  31.50 31.00 30.5030.00 9628.59 2800  2759  2700  2659  2600  25.50 25.00 2450  2400  23.50 23.00 22.50 2200  21.50 21.002250019.59 91850e                  e                                                               a                  fa                                        M              M              ina
3405
+325 3300
12.59  3200  31.50 31.00 30.50
30.00 96
28.59 2800  2759  2700  2659  2600  25.50 25.00 2450  2400  23.50 23.00 22.50 2200  21.50 21.00
22500
19.59 9
1850
e                  e                                                               a                  fa                                        M              M              ina
Chart  9.6  Notice  how  the  momentum  remained  strong  after  the  breakaway  gap(1)for
over   one   year.Chart:TC2000.com
As the stock continued higher,it wasn't until 15 months after the initial gap that the stock undercut the AVWAP(4).A holder from the purchase(2)
until it broke below the AVWAP(4)recognized a profit of approximately   33%($20.50 to $27.50).Stops will never get you out at the high,but they will get you out when the supply/demand equation from the original
catalyst changes.
It is unusual for breakaway gaps to be filled because they represent a
powerful shock to the supply/demand equation.The news motivator and increased volume confirm a large and immediate interest by institutions
who compete to put large amounts of money to work in the stock at the
same time.Many times,people who learned “all gaps get filled”will wait for a purchase at a lower price,which never happens.This group will often
become   buyers   later    in   the   cycle   when   they    can   no   longer    stand   aside    and
3405+325330012.59 320031.00 30.592952他"I200Me                     地e     h                         ■■      1   ■11   1
3405
+325
3300
12.59 3200
31.00 30.59
295
2
他
"I
200
Me                     地e     h                         ■■      1   ■
11   1
图表9.6注意看突破缺口(1)后动量如何保持强劲， 超过一年。图表：TC2000.com
随着股票继续上涨，直到初始缺口15个月后，股票才跌破
AVWAP(4) 。   从购买(2)到跌破AVWAP(4)      的持有人实 现了约33%的利润($20.50至$27.50)。止损永远不会在最高 点让你出局，但当原始催化剂的供需关系发生变化时，它们会  让 你 出 局 。
缺口通常不会被填补，因为它们代表了供需方程的一个强大冲击。消 息推动者和交易量的增加证实了机构投资者对同时将大量资金投入股 票的浓厚兴趣。很多时候，那些学习了“所有缺口都会被填补”的人 会等待更低的价格买入，但这从未发生。在这个周期中较晚的时候，
这些人通常会变成买家，当他们再也无法袖手旁观时，
watch it continue to go higher without them.They become FOMO buyers, often at the worst times when prices are far from the start of the move.
20302450242524002375235023.2523.D0 2275   2250   2222200  21.75 21.5021.25 21.00 20.75205020.220.D0 19.7519.50 192S  19.00 1875  18.505             4Telegram:   @A261
2030
2450
2425
2400
2375
2350
23.25
23.D0 2275   2250   222
2200  21.75 21.50
21.25 21.00 20.75
2050
20.2
20.D0 19.75
19.50 192S  19.00 1875  18.50
5             4
Telegram:   @
A
2
6
1
Chart 9.7 This chart is constructed with 15-minute candles,it shows the intraday action
of a stock that experienced a breakaway gap.Chart:TC2000.com
The strongest stocks will continue higher for several days or longer before   they experience a price or time correction.In these cases,if you do not buy  on the first day of the move,you may miss out on the initial powerful surge. Ifyou miss the initial move,there are often(but not always)better
opportunities to buy the stock on strength after a pullback.It might take a couple days of back-and-forth action around the AVWAP before buyers
regain control.A reclaiming ofthe AVWAP doesn't always lead to immediate continuation.If your stop does not get triggered,be patient and trust your   stop.Allow the market to prove itself.Take comfort in“a trend once
established is more likely to continue than reverse.”The stock in Chart 9.7
他们会看着它继续上涨而无法置身事外。他们变成了FOMO 买家，通常在 价格远未达到上涨起点的时候，这是最糟糕的时机。
20302472450242524D0237523.50 232923.D0 2275   2250   2225   2200221.7S21.5021.25 210020.75 2050  20220.D0 19.75   19.50192S19.00 187S18.50legram:@7A46
2030
247
2450
2425
24D0
2375
23.50 2329
23.D0 2275   2250   2225   2200
2
21.7S
21.50
21.25 2100
20.75 2050  202
20.D0 19.75   19.50
192S
19.00 187S
18.50
legram:
@
7
A
4
6
图9 . 7该图表使用15分钟蜡烛构建，显示了经历突破性跳空的股票日内交易情况。图表： TC2000.com
最强的股票将继续上涨几天或更长时间，然后才会经历价格或时间的 修正。在这种情况下，如果你不在第一天买入，你可能会错过最初的 强劲上涨。如果你错过了最初的上涨，通常(但不总是)在回调后会 有更好的机会在强势时买入股票。在AVWAP  周围反复波动可能需要 几天的时间，买方才会重新获得控制权。重新获得AVWAP  并不总是 导致立即的延续。如果你的止损单没有被触发，要有耐心并相信你的 止损单。让市场证明自己。在“一旦确立的趋势更有可能继续而不是 反转”这句话中找到安慰。图9.7中的股票
shows it how it took a couple of days to absorb selling from profit takers before the stock continued higher.
The blue shaded area shows the large gap from$18.65 to$22/share,a gap of 18%.Clearly,there was a catalyst that got participants excited about
owning  the  stock.We  anchor  the   AVWAP  from  the  first  candle  of  the  gap
(A).The buyers on the open were quickly overwhelmed by owners who
wanted to lock in their large overnight gains and the stock continued lower over the next couple of days.At(1)the stock rallied up to the AVWAP from  the gap and got rejected.
The buyers took control(2)as the stock cleared the AVWAP from the gap.A purchase at that point made sense with a stop under any of the lows(3,4,   or 5)depending on personal preferences and risk tolerance.As with all
trading,there is no right circumstance for every trader.I will often use a tighter stop or sometimes stagger my stops.
A staggered stop approach might be to use stops on 1/3rd of the position
under each of those lows.Points(6)and(7)show how the buyers kept the   price above the gap and prevented the price from breaking the AVWAP the next day.This type of action would encourage me to keep my stop under
(3).Ifthe stock failed to hold the AVWAP,my concern would be it gives up the entire gain.Once the stock was back above $22/share,stops might be raised up under(7).
Downside Breakaway Gaps
A breakaway gap which starts or accelerates a downtrend is a sign of
significant trouble and shows lower expectations for the stock in the future. Ifyou find yourselfin the unfortunate position of owning one of these
stocks,it is usually best to cut the loss quickly and move on.It is better to
accept  the   loss   and   discomfort  right   away   rather  than  wait   for  more   serious
展示了它花了几天时间来吸收获利了结者的卖盘，然后股票才继续上涨。
蓝色阴影区域显示了从$18.65到$22/股的大幅差距，差距为18%。 显然，有一个催化剂让参与者对持有该股票感到兴奋。我们从缺口
(A)  的第一根蜡烛线锚定AVWAP 。开盘时的买家很快被希望锁定 其巨大隔夜收益的持有人压倒，股票在接下来的几天里继续下跌。在 (1)处，股票上涨至缺口AVWAP 并遭到拒绝。
买家在(2)处掌控了局面，因为股票清除了缺口AVWAP。在那个时点买入是有道理 的，止损可以设在任何低点(3、4或5)之下，具体取决于个人偏好和风险承受能  力。像所有交易一样，没有适合每个交易者的正确情况。我经常会使用更紧的止损， 或者有时会分散我的止损。
一种分散止损的方法可能是在每个低点之下对1/3的头寸设置止损。点(6) 和(7)显示买家如何将价格维持在缺口之上，并阻止价格第二天跌破
AVWAP。   这种行动会让我倾向于将止损保持在(3)之下。如果股票未能守  住 AVWAP,    我的担忧是它会放弃全部收益。 一旦股票回升至$22/股以上， 止损可能会被提高到(7)之下。
向下突破缺口
一个开始或加速下跌趋势的突破缺口是一个重大麻烦的迹象，表明对 未来股票的预期较低。如果你不幸持有这类股票，通常最好快速止损 并离场。与其等待更严重的情况，不如立即接受损失和不适。
price weakness to set in.The stock is not a "bargain on sale,"it is a broken
stock and if,"they don't scare you out with the initial gap lower,they will often wear you out,"as the stock will need a lot oftime to heal before it
heads higher again.In chart 9.8 we see an example of a downside breakaway.
5d①3Botys
5
d
①
3
Bot
叫
6
中
四
Chart 9.8 The blue highlighted areas show two successive breakaway gaps on the days
earnings    were    reported.Chart:TC2000.com
This stock experienced a large gap lower after an earnings report,we set the initial anchor to the first day of the gap(1).As we learned from using shorter timeframes,the stock will often trade for a few bars(in this case
价格弱势将会形成。这只股票不是“打折的便宜货”,而是一只破 败的股票。如果“初始的低位缺口没有吓跑你，他们通常会耗尽你 的耐心”,因为这只股票需要很长时间才能恢复并再次上涨。在图 9.8中我们看到一个下跌突破的例子。
trm
Bo
hya
"in:
Nilay
四
图9.8蓝色高亮区域显示了报告日当天出现的两个连续的突破缺口。图源：
TC2000.com
这只股票在一份盈利报告后出现了大幅跳空低开，我们将初始锚点设置为： 跳空的第一天(1)。正如我们从使用较短的时间框架所学到的那样，这
只股票通常会在AVWAP  下方交易几个K线(在这种情况下
days)below the AVWAP before a briefrally above the AVWAP(2).This rally  would have put the short sellers,who sold during the first couple of days,in a position of losses.They may have covered their positions and missed out   on the larger move lower.
It wasn't until about  15  days  after the  initial gap that the  sellers regained
control ofthe stock(3)as the stock broke back below the AVWAP from the
gap.A short sale there would have made sense with a stop above the high
from the gap(4)or above the high of the consolidation of the prior six days shown(5).This  stock  continued  to  show  weakness  over  the  following
months  and  the next  quarter  earnings  report motivated  a  fresh  round  of
fearful  sales(6).Chart  9.9  shows  another  example  of  a  downside  gap,in  this case  on  a  15-minute  timeframe.
天) below the AVWAP before a brief rally above the AV
WAP(2) 。 这次反弹会使在头几天卖出的空头处于亏损状态。他们可 能已经平仓，错过了更大的下跌行情。
直到初始缺口大约15天后，卖家才重新控制了库存(3),因为库存从缺口 回落至AVWAP  下方。在那里做空是有道理的，前提是设置一个高于缺口高 点的止损(4),或者设置一个高于前六天整合高点(5)的止损。这只股票 在接下来的几个月里继续显示出疲软，而下一个季度的盈利报告则引发了一 轮新的恐慌性抛售(6)。图9.9展示了另一个下倾缺口的例子，这次是在
15分钟时间框架上。
egram:@Gro
86335.0034.0033.0032.0031.0030.0029.0028.0027.0026.0025.0024.0023.0022.0021.00elegram:
8
6
3
35.00
34.00
33.00
32.00
31.00
30.00
29.00
28.00
27.00
26.00
25.00
24.00
23.00
22.00
21.00
i990
                                25                                       1                                                             1                                    23                                     ;
Chart 9.9 The blue shaded area shows the downside breakaway gap on this intraday timeframe.Chart:TC2000.com
Here(9.9)is a bearish example of a breakaway gap.The blue shaded area
shows the gap from$33 down to $28(approximately-15%)When the stock gaps lower,we anchor our AVWAP to the start of trading after the gap(1). The stock continued down as low as $25.50 that day,which put the “dip
buyers”in a losing position with no reasonable place to set their stop.
People who shorted the stock seemedto have a good trade for the first day, but on the second day,buyers gained control as the stock made it back up
through the AVWAP(2).Later that day,and into the next day,buyers
defended the stock and bought pullbacks to the gap AVWAP(3,4,and5).
35.0034.0033.0032.0031.0030.0029.0028.0027.0026.0025.0024.0023.0022.0021.00i990:Telegram:■I96I
35.00
34.00
33.00
32.00
31.00
30.00
29.00
28.00
27.00
26.00
25.00
24.00
23.00
22.00
21.00
i990
:
Telegram:
■
I
9
6
I
图 9 . 9 蓝 色 阴 影 区 域 显 示 了 在 此 日 内 时 间 框 架 上 的 向 下 突 破 缺 口 。 图 ：
TC2000.com
这里(9.9)是一个看跌的突破缺口示例。蓝色阴影区域显示了从
33美元下跌至28美元的缺口(大约-15%)。当股票缺口下跌时，我  们将AVWAP 锚定在缺口后的交易开始处(1)。那天股票继续下跌  至25.50美元，这使得“抄底买家”处于亏损状态，且没有合理的止  损位置。做空该股票的人在第一天似乎有一个不错的交易，但在第二 天，当股票回升至AVWAP  时，买家控制了局面(2)。那天稍晚些  时候，以及第二天，买家捍卫了该股票，并买入缺口AVWAP  的回调 (3、4和5)。
It took a couple of days to digest the news before the stock continued lower. At(6)the sellers took back control of the stock from the gap as the stock
broke below the gap AVWAP.This was the correct place to short the stock because price evidence told us the sellers were in control again.
Of course,we did not know the stock would continue lower,so we had to set a stop to protect against a reversal.The lower-highs we could use to place   our stop above are(7,8,and9).Just as in the previous long example,we
could have used a staggered stop approach.As the stock continuedlower,   the job was to manage the stops above the most recent and relevant lower- highs.From there,the rest is up to the market.
Continuation Gaps
A continuation gap is also known as a running or measuring gap.We find  these gaps in stocks where there is an established trend that likely began with a breakaway gap.Because the trend already exists,these gaps
represent a continuation,and often an acceleration,of the trend.It is
common for earnings reports to be the catalyst for these gaps.Like the
breakaway gap,the continuation gap is not always filled.It will frequently leave behind those who wait for the gap to be filled.The charts that follow will make that clear.
The continuation gap offers some of the best opportunities to participate in a trend ifyou weren't involved with the earlier move.Most long holders of    the stock feel good about owning it and don't want to sell shares.This
creates tight supply,and with increased demand,these stocks are often in  the “sweet spot”of their trends.During this phase,there is little volatility and short-term pullbacks are bought up quickly.Because these gaps
typically occur somewhere near the midpoint of a major trend cycle,
continuation gaps are also known as “measuring gaps.”They are found somewhere near the middle of a full-trend cycle.
在股票继续下跌之前，需要几天时间来消化这个消息。在(6)处，卖 方重新控制了股票，因为股票跌破了缺口AVWAP 。 这是做空股票的 正确位置，因为价格证据表明卖方再次掌控了局面。
当然，我们不知道股票会继续下跌，所以我们必须设置一个止损位以 防止反转。我们可以用来放置止损位的较低高点是(7、8和9)。就像 之前的长期示例一样，我们可以使用交错止损方法。随着股票继续下 跌，工作就是管理最近和相关的较低高点的上方止损位。从那时起， 剩下的就取决于市场了。
持续缺口
持续缺口也被称为运行或测量缺口。我们在存在既定趋势的股票中 找到这些缺口，该趋势很可能以突破性缺口开始。由于趋势已经存 在，这些缺口代表了趋势的持续，并且通常是趋势的加速。盈利报 告通常是这些缺口的催化剂。就像突破性缺口一样，持续缺口并不 总是会被填补。它经常会留下那些等待缺口被填补的人。接下来的 图表将使这一点变得清楚。
延续缺口为那些未能参与早期行情的人提供了参与趋势的绝佳机会。  大多数长期持有该股票的投资者对持有它感到满意，并不想卖出股票。 这造成了紧俏的供应，随着需求的增加，这些股票通常处于其趋势的  “甜蜜点”。在这个阶段，波动性很小，短期回调很快被买入。由于  这些缺口通常发生在主要趋势周期的中点附近，延续缺口也被称为
“测量缺口”。它们出现在完整趋势周期的大约中间位置。
Exhaustion Gaps
Exhaustion gaps occur near the end ofa major trend.The stock will reverse the direction of the gap and close at the extreme lower end.When a stock
that has been in an uptrend and has experienced a large percentage move,  the company will often report positive news to cause a gap.Initial reactions to this news motivates the people who have been on the sidelines who have been waiting for a pullback before they get involved to give into FOMO and   buy the stock.The people who have owned the stock andenjoyed the large   gains see the opportunity to sell their highly appreciated shares to the
FOMO buyers.They use the liquidity from the good news to sell large
quantities of stock near the highs.The sales into “good news”that drove
the stock higher,will catch a lot of participants off guard because the stock sells offon“good news.”The market discounts the past and trades on
future expectations.Those who purchase the stock in anticipation of good news will sell when the news is released.Good news comes out at tops and bad news comes out at bottoms.If you trade off the news,you may find
yourself delivering  newspapers.
The stock in the daily timeframe(9.10)shows three distinctive gaps:
breakaway,continuation,and     exhaustion.
疲劳间隙
竭尽缺口发生在主要趋势的末期。股票将反转缺口的方向，并在极低 的末端收盘。当一只处于上升趋势且经历了较大百分比涨幅的股票， 公司通常会发布利好消息以造成缺口。对这条消息的初步反应会促使 那些一直观望、等待回调再参与的人因害怕错过 (FOMO)    而买入股 票。那些持有股票并享受了巨大涨幅的投资者看到机会，将他们高度 增值的股票卖给FOMO 买家。他们利用利好消息带来的流动性，在接 近高点时卖出大量股票。卖入“利好”消息推动股票上涨的销售，会 让很多参与者措手不及，因为股票在“利好”消息发布时卖跌。市场 折现过去，交易未来预期。那些预期利好消息而买入股票的人，在消 息发布时会卖出。利好消息出现在顶部，坏消息出现在底部。如果你 根据消息进行交易，你可能会发现自己正在送报纸。
日线图(9.10)显示有三个明显的缺口：突破缺口、持续缺口和衰竭 缺 口 。
3-Exhaustio n Gap               3651H    J
I
260
EEGap2-Continuation
E
E
Gap
210
1-B reakaway
Gap
180
I%
D17016  160C
D
170
16  160
160
B
1
Chart 9.10 This daily chart shows approximately one and one-half years of trades.
Chart:TC2000.com
1-The  breakaway   gap  occurred in January at $160.This gap came close    to closure but did not get filled.The opportunity to trade this stock came(A) when  the  stock  made  it  back  above  the  AVWAP  from  the  gap.A   stop  would
have   been    under   the    pullback    low(B).Notice   how    the    AVWAP(green)from the  gap  found  buyers  on  the  pullbacks  at  points(C  and  D).
2-The    continuation    gap(2)occurred at $210 in August.This was a large gap as the market had already experienced a large run(which robbed the   market of supply)before the gap.There were some short sellers who felt
trapped by the higher prices,and they paid even higher prices in order to  minimize  their  losses  as  the  stock  climbed  higher.After  about  a  week  and  a half,the   stock   finally   broke   below   the   new   AVWAP(blue)from   that    gap(E)  as   profit    takers    stepped   in.The    supply    generated    by   these    profit-taking
·30
3654 Ad
36355.3-疲劳间隙
36
355.
145.
2
325%
32
3
305.
260
Gia
2-连续间隙
220
210205200181-脱离  间隙‘ety210 预期
210
205
200
18
1-脱离  间隙‘et
165. 180
160叶”nges  B170
160叶”
nges  B
16
160,
图表9.10这个每日图表显示了大约一年半的贸易。
图表：TC2000.com
1- 突破缺口发生在1月份，价格为160美元。这个缺口接近封闭但未被 填补。交易这个股票的机会 (A)   出现在股票从缺口反弹至AV
WAP上方时。止损位 (B)   会在回调低点下方。注意缺口处的 AVWAP   (绿色)在点 (C 和D) 的回调时找到了买方。
2-延续性缺口(2)发生在8月的210美元。这是一个较大的缺口，因为市场在此之前已经经 历了大幅上涨(这消耗了市场供应)。有一些做空者被高价困住，为了尽量减少损失，随着 股价继续上涨，他们甚至支付了更高的价格。大约一周半后，股价终于跌破那个缺口 (E)
形成的新AVWAP(蓝色),因为获利了结者入场。这些获利了结者产生的供应很快被新买 家的需求所淹没，几周后(F),  股价被推回缺口AVWAP  (蓝色)之上。这就是在
AVWAP  下方洗盘后，新仓位适合买入的地方。新的买入(F) 的止损单将放在 (E) 下方。 股价花了将近 一 个月的时间才找到重新上涨的动能 (G),       但这值得等待，因为股价从那个 水平开始经历了 一 次大幅上涨。
sellers was quickly overwhelmed as demand from new buyers pushed the
stock back above the gap AVWAP(blue)just a couple of weeks later(F).This is where it made sense for new positions to be purchased,after the
shakeout below AVWAP.A stop on the new purchase(F)would be placed under(E).It took almost a month for the stock to find renewed upward
momentum(G)but it was worth the wait because the stock experienced a major run from that level.
This “measuring gap”is used to give a trader an idea of what would be a
reasonable estimate(or measure)of where to expect the next major
activity level.The measuring gap gets its name from the tendency for a
rally,which starts at a continuation gap,to match the gains the rally has
already shown between the breakaway gap and the continuation gap.Put
another way,you can get a good projection of the remaining potential gains between the gap and the next major activity level.
In this chart,the breakaway gap ran 50 points(from$160 to $210),so a
minimum upside target starting at the continuation gap at $210 is $260
($210+$50).This stock clearly exceeded that level and shows why it is best to trail stops up under higher-lows for an exit than it is to exit at a price
target.
3-The    exhaustion     gap.This gap occurred in January of the following
year at approximately $355.We never know ifa gap is the exhaustion gap until after the fact,when the stock cannot continue higher.Yet there are  clues that tell us the long run up from$160 is in jeopardy of tapering off.   Unlike the breakaway gap,the exhaustion gap on this chart immediately
reversed  course(H)after  the  gap  higher.At(H)there  were  sellers  waiting for an opportunity to sell,and the gap higher turned out to be their
opportunity to do so.After a week of downward pressure,the stock
stabilized above the AVWAP(purple)(I)and went to make a new high (J).
卖方的供应很快被新买家的需求所淹没，几周后 (F),  股价被推回  缺口AVWAP  (蓝色)之上。这就是在AVWAP 下方洗盘后，新仓位  适合买入的地方。新的买入 (F)   的止损单将放在 (E)   下方。股价花 了将近一个月的时间才找到重新上涨的动能 (G),  但这值得等待，
因为股价从那个水平开始经历了一次大幅上涨。
这个“测量缺口”用于给交易者一个关于合理估计(或测量)预期下 一个主要活动水平的想法。测量缺口得名于反弹从持续缺口开始时， 往往会匹配反弹在突破缺口和持续缺口之间已经显示的涨幅。换句话 说，你可以得到一个关于缺口和下一个主要活动水平之间剩余潜在收 益的良好预测。
在这个图表中，突破缺口运行了50点(从$160到$210),所以从$210的持续缺口开 始的最小上行目标为$260($     50)。这只股票显然超过了那个水平，并显示  了为什么最好在较高低点下方设置跟踪止损以退出，而不是在价格目标处退出。
3-疲劳缺口。这个缺口发生在次年1月左右，约为$355。我们只有在事后， 当股票无法继续上涨时，才知道一个缺口是否是疲劳缺口。然而，有一些  迹象表明，从$160开始的长期上涨有可能会逐渐减弱。与突破缺口不同， 这张图表上的疲劳缺口在向上跳空后立即反转了方向 (H) 。 在 (H)   处， 有卖方在等待机会卖出，而向上跳空最终成为了他们卖出的机会。在经历  了一周的下跌压力后，股票在AVWAP   (紫色) (I) 上方稳定下来，并创  出新高 (J)。
After that high failed to hold,the stock made no upward progress for the next couple of months.The stock was “exhausted”and needed to rest.
In chart(9.11)we see the same three distinctive gaps on a daily timeframe, this time with a stock in a downtrend.
1-The  breakaway   gap   occurred at $1200 and it continued lower for four days before it reclaimed the AVWAP(red).When the stock dropped below   the gap AVWAP(A)the sellers were back in control and it made sense to
sell the stock short with a stop above(B).This would have been a difficult   position to hold as the price crossed back and forth above the AVWAP and   (C)it broke above the previous high it had made approximately two weeks earlier.
2-The   continuation    gap   occurred at $910.After a couple of days of
trades above the gap AVWAP(red),it broke lower(D)and remained below that AVWAP(blue)through the end of the chart.The AVWAP(blue)from
the gap was not tested from underneath,which showed how motivated the   sellers were.Using the measuring technique for this gap we would come up with a minimum downside target of $620.This target is achieved by
subtracting the continuation gap level of$910 from the breakaway gap
level of$1200,which is $290.We then subtract $290 from$910
($910-$290=$620).Clearly,this measurement is only a guideline since the    stock touched the $620 level about a month after the gap and it continued    lower.We want to have an approximation(measurement gap)of where the stock could go,but stop losses that trail down above the most recent and
significant lower-highs will keep you in the trade longer.
3-The   exhaustion   gap   occurred at $430,after a large drop and prices  continued to decline.Do not look at exhaustion gaps as a reason to trade against the primary trend.Instead,an exhaustion gap can mean the
beginning ofa Stage 1 Accumulation,the stock is just “exhausted”and
在那次高点未能守住之后，接下来的几个月里，股票没有做出任何上涨的 进展。股票“已经疲劳”了，需要休息。
在图表(9.11)中，我们看到在日线图上出现了同样的三个显著缺口，这次 股票处于下跌趋势。
1-突破缺口发生在$1200,随后连续四天下跌，最终收复了
AVWAP  (红色)。当股票跌破缺口AVWAP(A)      时，卖方重新掌 控局面，此时做空股票并以(B) 上方设置止损是有道理的。这将是 一个难以持有的头寸，因为价格在AVWAP  上方来回波动，并且(  C) 它突破了大约两周前创下的前高。
2-持续缺口发生在$910。在缺口AVWAP (红色)上方交易了几天后，它下跌 (D),      并保持在
该AVWAP   (蓝色)下方，直到图表结束。来自缺口的AVWAP   (蓝色)从未从下方得到测试，这显示了 当时的动力。从缺口处形成的AVWAP(蓝色)
从未丛下方得到测试，这显示了当时的动力。
卖家们。使用测量这种差距的技术，我们会得出  .
以620美元为最低下限目标。此目标通过 …..
从脱离缺口中减去$910的延续缺口
1200美元，即290美元。然后我们从910美元中减去290美元  ($910-$   $620)。显然，这个测量只是一个指导方针，因为
股票在缺口出现后大约一个月触及了620美元的水平，并继续 较低。我们想要有一个近似值(测量差距),以了解 .
股票可能去哪里，但止损位应设置在最近的主要
显著低高点之上，这将使你更长时间地持有交易。
3-疲劳缺口出现在$430,在大幅下跌后价格继续下跌。不要将疲 劳缺口视为逆势交易的理由。相反，疲劳缺口可能意味着第一阶  段积累的开始，股票只是“耗尽了”并且
needs time to heal.This is mentioned because many people try
(unsuccessfully)to trade against the trend in an attempt to buy the stock “at the low.”
1-Breakaway  gapB9102-Continuation   gap@Gro  upBuys4303-Exhaustion     gapTelegramBc200
1-Breakaway  gap
B
910
2-Continuation   gap
@Gro  upBuys
430
3-Exhaustion     gap
Telegram
Bc
200
Chart 9.11 This daily chart shows approximately fourteen months of trades.Chart:
TC2000.com
Psychology:Don't Focus on Labels
Too many people get hung up on labeling the type of gap that occurred.The right way to think about gaps is to recognize what they represent in terms   of a sudden supply/demand shift rather than label them.Sometimes you
will think a gap might be an exhaustive gap when it turns out to be a
second or third continuation gap.The important thing to recognize is the
需要时间来恢复。这是提到的原因是许多人尝试(不成功地)逆势 交易，试图以“低价”买入股票。
1-Breakaway  gap200C9102-续接间隙PhBYoo.PPPHmall FIL3-疲惫不堪2462000B
1-Breakaway  gap
200
C
910
2-续接间隙Ph
BYoo.PPPH
mall FIL
3-疲惫不堪
246
2000
B
图9. 11这张每日图表显示了大约十四个月的交易。图表： TC2000.com
心理学：不要关注标签
太多人纠结于给出现的缺口贴上类型标签。正确看待缺口的方式是认  识到它们代表了突然的供需变化，而不是去给它们贴标签。有时你以  为一个缺口可能是竭尽缺口，结果它却是一个第二或第三种延续缺口。 重要的是要认识到
opportunity the gaps present for trend continuation or reversal and trade them appropriately.There is no more objective tool than AVWAP from the  gap to measure if buyers or sellers are in control.
Risk Management:Gap Anomalies
There are some equities and ETFs that experience gaps nearly every day:
·Thinly  traded  stocks(little  trade  volume)are  prone  to  daily common gaps.
·Stocks  that  trade  American  Depositary  Receipts(ADRs)gap
nearly every day because they must open at the same price in the United States that they trade on their primary overseas
exchange.
·Commodity related ETFs such as oil and gold trade a nearly 24-   hour market.The price change for the commodity outside of the NYSE hours needs to be adjusted at the 9:30 a.m.NY open.This   change results in a gap nearly every day.
Because ADRs and commodity ETFs gap nearly every day,it is difficult to
manage risk.My preference is to not trade them.There are plenty of other stocks and ETFs where risk management is easier.Chart 9.12 shows the
daily gaps in an ETF.
把握趋势延续或反转的机遇窗口，并据此进行交易。从缺口位置衡 量买方或卖方谁占据主导地位，AVWAP   是最客观的工具。
风险管理：缺口异常
有一些股票和ETF 几乎每天都会出现缺口：
4成交量小的股票(交易量小)容易出现每日常见缺口。
*交易美国存托凭证 (ADR)  的股票几乎每天都会出现缺口， 因为它们必须在纽约以与它们在主要海外交易所交易相同的价 格开盘。
与商品相关的ETF,  如石油和黄金，交易时间接近24小时。在  纽约证券交易所交易时间之外的商品价格变化需要在上午9:30的 纽约开盘时进行调整。这种调整导致几乎每天出现缺口。
由于ADRs 和商品ETF 几乎每天都在跳空，因此管理风险很困难。 我的偏好是不交易它们。有大量其他股票和 ETF,   其中风险管理更 容易。图9.12显示了ETF  的每日跳空。
Chart 9.12 Only a few of the gaps are circled in the daily ETF chart above.Chart:
@Trendspider
As you consider a trade set up,take a closer look at how frequently the
stock gaps and decide ifyou can reasonably manage risk in the trade.This is part of recognition of "the personality"of the stock and if it makes sense for you to trade.Commodity related ETFs gap nearly every day because the
commodities they represent are traded nearly 24 hours per day.
Is It Really a Gap?
Most of the time,when a stock gaps higher or lower at the start of trading, it does not represent the first trades of the day for the stock.Stocks that
report news outside of regular trading hours(RTH)will begin to trade the    moment the news is announced in the pre-or post-market trading hours.    The extended hours(or EH)of pre-and post-market trade availability differ between brokerage firms.If it is important to you to trade extended hours,   find a reputable brokerage firm with the longest hours available to trade.
图9.12在上述每日ETF图表中，只有少数几个缺口被圈出。图：
@TrendSpider
在考虑交易设置时，仔细看看股票跳空的频率，并决定你是否能合理  地管理交易中的风险。这是识别股票“个性”的一部分，以及是否对  你来说交易是合理的。与商品相关的ETF 几乎每天都在跳空，因为它 们所代表商品的交易几乎每24小时都在进行。
这真的是一个缺口吗?
大多数情况下，当一只股票在交易开始时出现跳空高开或低开时，这 并不代表该股票当天的第一笔交易。在常规交易时间 (RTH)    之外发 布新闻的股票，将在新闻宣布的盘中或盘后交易时段开始交易。盘中 和盘后交易的延长时段(或EH) 的可用性在不同的经纪公司之间有  所不同。如果您希望进行延长时段交易，请寻找提供最长交易时间的 信誉良好的经纪公司。
Always  be  sure  to  check  a  chart  which  includes  pre-or  post-market  trade    data  when  you  trade  a  stock  with  a  gap.If  the  stock  was  unusually  active  in the  extended  hours,it  is  helpful  to  anchor  a  AVWAP  from  the  start  of the
extended  hours  trades.When  you  use   the  extended  hours  AVWAP  along
with  the  regular  trading  hours  AVWAP,this  combination  is  helpful  to  find  key  levels  for  the  stock.This  type  of  analysis  applies  mainly  to  day  trades.
2
Day 2
Open
Day 1
Close
即hegram
即
世
M
Extended Hours Trades
器器
器
器
Chart 9.13 The chart on the left shows trades including extended hours(gray shaded).
On the regular trading hours chart on the right,the extended hours period looks like a
gap on the chart.Chart:TC2000.com
Charts  in  9.13  show  the  same  stock  with  extended  hours(EH)on  the  left  and regular  trading  hours(RTH)on  right.On   the   left,you   can   see   that   trades
occurred  at  all  the  levels  in  between  the  gap  level  and  even  well  above  the high  of the  RTH  trades.On  the  right,there  is  a  clear  gap  from  the  close  of   day  one  to  the  opening  of  day  two.I  usually  only  reference  the  extended
hours  trades  if  the  stock  traded  unusual  volume  during  extended  hours.
在进行有跳空缺口股票交易时，务必检查包含盘中或盘后交易数据的 图表。如果该股票在延长时段异常活跃，从延长时段交易开始时锚定 一 个AVWAP  会很有帮助。当您使用延长时段AVWAP  与常规交易时  段AVWAP   结合时，这种组合有助于找到该股票的关键水平。这种分 析方法主要适用于日内交易。
第 2 天Day 1Closehegram:Extended Hours Trades
第 2 天
Day 1
Close
hegram:
Extended Hours Trades
图表9.13左侧的图表显示了包括延长交易时间(灰色阴影)的交易。在右侧的常规 交易时间图表上，延长交易时间期间看起来像图表上的一个缺口。图表：
TC2000.com
9. 13中的图表显示了同一支股票在左侧的延长交易时间 (EH)    和 右 侧 的常规交易时间 (RTH)     的情况。在左侧，你可以看到交易发生在间 隙水平之间的所有级别，甚至远高于RTH 交易的最高点。在右侧，从 第一天收盘到第二天开盘之间存在明显的间隙。我通常只在股票在延  长交易时间内交易异常成交量时参考延长交易时间的交易。
Futures versus ETFs
Like the RTH for equities,major ETFs like the SP500 ETF(SPY)also trade in the overnight(ON)session of the SP500 Futures.On days when the SPY
opens with a large gap,it's helpful to study the AVWAP from the start of the overnight session for the futures.There will often be important levels
where the futures market may find buyers and sellers at the ON AVWAP,
but the level may not be visible on the RTH SPY because there is not as
much “price memory”from the start of the RTH.The relationship between   the SPY and SP500 Futures is important ifyou trade either of those markets on a short-term basis.
Dividends
When a cash or stock dividend is paid to shareholders,the amount of the dividend is removed from the share price.If a stock closes the day at
$33/share and the next day the company pays their shareholders a
dividend of $0.50/share,the price of the stock is adjusted lower by
$0.50/share.The stock price adjustment is reflected with the share price opening at$32.50(assuming there are no other supply and demand
imbalances that impact the opening price).The lower open for this stock will cause a gap on the chart.These gaps are not due to an ordinary
imbalance in supply and demand,so I do not consider these worthy as a trade candidate on the day of the dividend.
What about “Fading the Gap”?
When people “fade the gap”it simply means they want to take a position on the other side of the trend or direction of a gap.They want to short a stock   that gaps higher or buy a stock that gaps lower.The focus of this book is to   trade with the trend,to buy stocks in uptrends,sell short stocks in
downtrends and avoid the neutral times(Stages 1 and3).You always want
期货与ETFs
与股票的RTH 类似，主要的ETF如SP500      ETF(SPY) 也在SP500 期 货的夜间 (ON)   交易时段进行交易。在SPY以较大间隙开盘的日子  里，研究期货夜间交易时段从开始时的AVWAP  是有帮助的。期货市 场通常会在ON  AVWAP处找到买家和卖家的重要水平，但由于
RTH 的“价格记忆”较少，该水平可能不会在RTH  SPY上可见。如   果你在短期交易SPY或SP500 期货市场，那么它们之间的关系很重要。
股息
当现金或股票股利支付给股东时，股利金额会从股价中扣除。如果 一只股票在某天收盘价为每股33美元，而次日公司向股东支付每股 0.50美元的股利，则股价会下调0.50美元。股价调整会反映在开盘 价上，假设没有其他供需失衡影响开盘价，该股票的开盘价将为每 股32.50美元。这种股价的低位开盘会在图表上形成缺口。这些缺  口并非由于普通的供需失衡造成，因此我认为在股利支付当天，这 些缺口不值得作为交易候选。
“淡化管理差距”如何?
当人们“淡忘缺口”时，它仅仅意味着他们想要在缺口的趋势或方向另一侧 采取立场。他们想做空跳高股或买入跳低股。本书的重点是与趋势交易，买 入上升趋势中的股票，做空下降趋势中的股票，并避免中性时期(阶段1和  3)。你总是想
to give a trend the benefit of doubt that it will continue for a longer
timeframe.When a stock in an uptrend gaps lower,they can be great buy candidates.Stay focused on the trades in relation to the daily VWAP as
well as the important AVWAPs from longer timeframes.Gaps occur in all stocks at some point,so it is important to be prepared with an objective
approach to handle them.
Risk Management:Placing Stops
Perhaps the most difficult part of any trade is the management of the stops while the trade is working in your favor.In the examples,I have outlined
several scenarios for how to go about placing and updating stops.As with everything in the market,only hindsight is 20/20.
To compensate for the risk of the unknown,my preference is to use several stops.The first one is the tightest(meaning  smallest dollar increment)
because it protects the initial capital.How tight you set the stop depends
on your personal risk tolerances.I set the second stop after the stock has
moved in my favor.I set the second stop tightly enough that I can lock in
some gains ifthe stock reverses,which lowers the overall risk.I set the
third stop to give the stock a little more “room to breathe.”This(hopefully) prevents getting stopped out before it turns into a larger winner.
给趋势一个继续存在更长时间段的假设。当上升趋势中的股票跳低时， 它们可以是很好的买入候选。也要关注与每日VWAP  以及来自更长时  间段的重要AVWAP  相关的交易。缺口在所有股票中都会出现，因此  重要的是以客观的态度做好准备来处理它们。
风险管理：设置止损
或许任何交易中最困难的部分是在交易对你有利时管理止损。在示例 中，我概述了如何放置和更新止损的几种情况。与市场中的所有事情 一样，只有事后诸葛亮才能看得清楚。
为了弥补未知风险，我的偏好是使用多个止损点。第一个止损点是最 紧密的(意味着最小的美元增量),因为它保护初始本金。你如何设 置止损点取决于你的个人风险承受能力。我将第二个止损点设在股票 有利可图之后。我将第二个止损点设置得足够紧密，以便如果股票反 转，我可以锁定一些利润，从而降低整体风险。我将第三个止损点设 置为给股票留出一些“呼吸空间”。这(希望)可以防止在它变成更 大的赢家之前被止损出局。
KEY TAKEAWAYS·Gaps occur on a regular basis;without a strategy we are prone to FOMO trades.·No trade method will get you into 100%of the winners.   That should not be your goal.The goal is to find the low- risk,high-probability trades and a large part of thatcomes from the confidence in your approach.As it issaid,“it is better to be on the sidelines in cash,wishing you were in than it is to be in the market wishing you    were out.”·Stops will never get you out at the high,but they will get you out when the supply/demand equation from theoriginal catalyst changes.·Day two entry techniques allow us to participate in astock when we might have normally missed the day-one gap  opportunity.·Be aware of extended hours trading in gap stocks.·Unusual  circumstances  such  as  dividends,ETFs,and futures create special gap situations.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
·Gaps occur on a regular basis;without a strategy we are prone to FOMO trades.
·No trade method will get you into 100%of the winners.   That should not be your goal.The goal is to find the low- risk,high-probability trades and a large part of that
comes from the confidence in your approach.As it is
said,“it is better to be on the sidelines in cash,wishing you were in than it is to be in the market wishing you    were out.”
·Stops will never get you out at the high,but they will get you out when the supply/demand equation from the
original catalyst changes.
·Day two entry techniques allow us to participate in a
stock when we might have normally missed the day-one gap  opportunity.
·Be aware of extended hours trading in gap stocks.
·Unusual  circumstances  such  as  dividends,ETFs,and futures create special gap situations.
关键要点 
缺口会定期出现；如果没有策略，我们很容易进行 FOMO 交易。
没有交易方法能让你100%获利。那不应该是你的目标。 目标是找到低风险、高概率的交易，而这很大程度上来  自于你对方法的信心。正如所说，“现金观望比在市场  中希望退出要好。”
止损永远不会让你在高位出局，但它们会在原始催化剂 的供需方程变化时让你出局。
第二天入场技巧让我们能在通常可能错过首日跳空机会时 参与股票。
注 意 跳 空 股 的 盘 后 交 易 。
股息、ETF和期货等非正常情况会创造特殊的跳空局面。
Telegram:@Gr                                                 Telegram:@GroupBuys_Bot
CHAPTER 10
THE SHORT SQUEEZE
"The average trader is naturally a
chronic bull.It is human nature to prefer
optimism to pessimism.”
-Philip Carret
Chapter Objectives
1.Understand   short   interest   and   the   short   interest   ratio
2.Identify  the  price  levels  and  trends  of  where  short  sellers  are involved
3.Understand   why   short   squeezes   occur
4.Identify   two   types   ofshort    squeezes;knee-jerk   and   structural
T    he  appeal  of selling short is easy to understand because stocks can
drop  much  faster  than  they  rise.There  are  unique  risks  involved  when
you sell a stock short.The biggest risk to a short seller is that the stock
第10章
短挤压
“平均交易者天生就是慢性多头。倾向 于乐观而非悲观是人类的天性。”
—菲利普·卡雷特
章节目标
1.理解短期卖空和短期卖空比率
2.确定卖空者涉及的价位和趋势
3. 了解为何会发生卖空逼空
识别两种卖空逼空类型；突发性 (knee-jerk) 和结构性 (structural)
卖空的优势很容易理解，因为股票下跌的速度通常比上涨的速度快。 当你卖空股票时，会涉及独特的风险。对卖空者来说最大的风险是股票
price rises instead of drops.A rising price in a heavily shorted stock can
lead to dramatic upward price movement as losses mount in the accounts of those  who  are  short.The  short  sellers  magnify  the  upward  price  movement  as they buy the stock to try to minimize their losses.This can lead to
dramatic  upside  price  moves  where  trend  traders  can  profit.
This  momentum  creates  a  double  demand(new  long  purchases  and  shorts  covering)for  a  stock  when  there  is not much  supply  offered.Additionally,   supply is often tight for a stock in a strong uptrend as holders want to hold their  profitable  position.When  the  stock  rises  rapidly,the  shorts  lose
money,and  as  they  try  to  cover  their  bearish  bets,they  compete  for  supply from new  longs.Because  there  is  extra  competition  to  buy  the  stock,the
shorts  feel  pressure  from  mounting  losses,and  they  become  “squeezed.” Before we explore the dynamics of a short squeeze,let's cover some
terminology  and  learn  how  to  interpret  short  sale  data.
Short Interest
"Short  interest"refers  to  the  number  ofshares  sold  short  and  not  covered
(bought  back).Because  these   shares  are   still  open   short  positions,they
represent  a  source  of  future  demand.The  short  sellers  either;buy  the  stock at lower prices to lock in gains,or they buy at higher prices to minimize
losess.
It is useful to know when a stock is sold short.Exchanges mandate that
brokerage  firms  accurately  keep  and  report  the numbers  of shares  sold
short  and not yet  covered.Twice  each month,the  firms  tally  all  short  sales and  send  the  data  to  the  various  exchanges.The  exchanges  then  combine  the  firms'data  and  publicly  disseminate  the  information.
FINRA releases the number of shares sold short twice per month.The
number reported to the public is never the real time number.In fact,it is a
价格上涨而不是下跌。在大量卖空的股票中，价格上涨会导致那些卖 空者的账户损失累积，从而引发剧烈的向上价格波动。卖空者在试图 减少损失时买入股票，从而放大了向上的价格运动。这可能导致剧烈 的上涨行情，趋势交易者可以从中获利。
这种动量在供应量不多时，会为股票创造出双重需求(新多头购买和  空头回补)。此外，在强劲的上升趋势中，由于持有者希望持有其盈  利头寸，股票的供应量通常很紧张。当股票快速上涨时，空头会亏损， 而他们试图回补其看跌头寸时，会与新的多头竞争供应。由于购买股  票的竞争加剧，空头会因不断累积的亏损而感到压力，并变得“被挤  压”。在我们探讨空头挤压的动态之前，让我们先解释一些术语，并  学习如何解读卖空数据。
卖空兴趣
“卖空兴趣”指的是已卖出但未回补的股票数量。由于这些股票仍然 是未平仓的空头头寸，它们代表着未来需求的一个来源。空头交易者 要么;在较低价格买入股票以锁定利润，要么;在较高价格买入以最 小化亏损。
了解一只股票何时被卖空是有用的。交易所要求经纪公司准确记录 和报告已卖出但尚未回补的股票数量。每月两次，这些公司会统计 所有卖空头寸并发送数据给各个交易所。然后，交易所会合并各公 司的数据，并公开发布这些信息。
FINRA 每月发布两次卖空股份数量。向公众报告的数字永远不会是实时数字。 事实上，它是一个
minimum oftwo weeks old.For instance,the total number of shares for
stocks as ofJanuary 15(in the table below)is reported to FINRA by January 20 and is released as public information on January 27.That means the
stocks continued to trade for a full seven business days,or longer,before FINRA releases the information to the public.As we willsee,the
information is still useful to determine the trend of short sales and the price levels where the short sellers are involved.
Short   Interest   Reporting
OverviewNotices             Guidance             News  Release5
Overview
Notices             Guidance             News  Release5
FINRA   requires  firms  to   report  short   interest   positions   in   all   customer  and   proprietary   accounts   in   all equity   securities   twice   a    month.All   short   interest    positions   must   be    reported   by   6pm.Eastem   Time    on  the  second  business  day  after  the  reporting  settlement  date  designated  by  FINRA.
See  the  schedule  of  reporting  dates   below.
Short Interest Reporting Dates
Settlement Date
Due  Date¹
Publication Date
January 15 (Friday)
1.All refere
January 20-6p.m.
(Wednesday)
nced times are reflected as Eastern Tim
January 27
(Wednesday)
e.
Table 10.1 Example of the short interest reporting dates.Table:www.finra.org.
Short Interest Ratio/Days to Cover
The  Short  Interest Ratio(SIR),or days to  cover,is the number of shares  sold short(short  interest)for  an  individual  stock,dividedby  its  average  daily
trading volume over the previous two weeks.We interpret the  SIR as the number  of days  it  would  theoretically  take  to  cover(buy  back)the  shares
至少两周。例如，截至1月15日的股票总股数(下表所示),于1月 20日向FINRA 报告，并于1月27日作为公共信息发布。这意味着在 FINRA 向公众发布信息之前，这些股票继续交易了整整七天或更长 时间。正如我们将看到的，这些信息仍然有助于确定卖空趋势以及 卖空者参与的价格水平。
J新闻发布通知          指南短期兴趣报告
J
新闻发布
通知          指南
Overview
Overview
FINRA   requires   firmsto   report   short   interest   positions   in   all   customer   and   proprietary   accounts   in   all equity   securities   twice   a    month.All   short   interest    positions   must    be   reported   by   6pm.Eastem   Time    on  the  second  business  day  after  the  reporting  settlement  date  designated  by  FINRA.
See the schedule of repc以下日期 __.
短期兴趣-报告日期
结算日期
到期日期
发布日期
1月15日  (瓶里达y)
1.Allrefere
1月20日-下午6点 (Wednesday)
nced times are reflected as Eastern Tim
1月27日
(Wednesday)
e.
表10.1短期兴趣报告日期示例。表：www.finra.org。
短期兴趣比率/覆盖天数
市净率 (SIR),       或称周转天数，是指个股的卖空股数(卖空量)除 以其过去两周的平均每日交易量。我们将市净率解释为理论上需要多 少天才能覆盖(回购)卖空的股数
that were sold short based on the average daily volume.I use the term "theoretically"because the shorts are not the only participants in the market.
Short Interest
SETTLEMENT DATE
SHORT INTEREST
AVG.DAILY SHARE VOLUME
DAYS TO COVER
01/15.
13,918,435
2,047,326
6.798348
Table 10.2 Short interest shares,average daily volume,and days to cover.Table:
www.nasdaq.com.
Table 10.2 shows the number ofshares sold short was 13,918,435.At the
time of the report,the average daily volume for this stock was 2,047,326.
When we divide the short interest by the average daily volume,we get the number known as "Days to Cover”(DTC).We also refer to this as "Short
Interest Ratio”(SIR).In this example,the SIR equals 6.8.This means that if the shorts wanted to cover their position in full,it would take themjust
under seven days if they were the only volume in the market.Of course,it would actually take a lot longer to buy all that stock back since other
traders are also actively buying or selling the stock.
The higher the SIR is,the more difficult it is to exit a short position and    the greater the upward impact will be on price.I consider an SIR of 5 or  greater to be significant enough to think a short squeeze could develop in the  stock.
基于平均每日交易量。我使用“理论上”一词，因为卖空者并非
市场的唯一参与者。
短期卖空
结算日期短期卖空平均每日成交量偿还天数 01/15,13,918,4352,047,3266.798348
表10.2短期卖空股数、平均每日成交量和偿还天数。表：
www.nasdaq.com。
表10.2显示，卖空的股数为13,918,435。在报告发布时，该股票的平 均每日成交量为2,047,326。当我们用短期卖空除以平均每日成交量， 就会得到一个被称为“偿还天数” (DTC)    的数字。我们也称其为   “短期卖空比率” (SIR) 。  在这个例子中，SIR 等于6.8。这意味着  如果空头想要完全平仓，如果他们是市场上唯一的成交量，那么他们  只需要不到七天的时间。当然，由于其他交易者也在积极买入或卖出  该股票，实际买回所有这些股票的时间会远长于此。
SIR 越高，退出空头头寸就越困难，对价格的上行影响也越大。 我认为SIR  达到5或更高时，足以认为股票可能出现空头挤压。
The Effect of Volume on SIR                                                        成交量对SIR 的影响
If a stock had a short position of 4,800,000 shares and an average daily
volume of 800,000,the SIR would be 6.0.This means it would take six full
days ofaverage daily volume for the  short  sellers to  cover their bearish
bets.If the same stock traded an average of 2.4 million shares per day,the    short  interest  for  the  stock  wouldbe  2.0,or  two  days  to  repurchase.Using    the  same  stock,but  with  an  average  daily  volume  ofjust  200,000  shares,the SIR would then be 24,meaning it would take 24 days of buying to cover the    positions.
When their short position is at a loss and the stock has strong upward
momentum,the  short  sellers  feel  “trapped”in  their  losing  position.They know their buying will add to the upward momentum.From a “trapped”
short's  standpoint,the  lower  the  SIR,the  better  as  their  buys  will  not  have as large of an impact on price.When analyzing an opportunity to make a
trade  that  takes  advantage  of  a  potential  short  squeeze  candidate,a  higher SIR is desirable as it is more difficult for the trapped short sellers to cover   their positions.The buys they need to make to  cover their  short positions   have the potential to  create  significant  upside momentum  as  more  and
more  short  sellers  compete  to  closeout  their  losing  trades.
You may see differences in the reported SIR from various data sources.The discrepancy occurs ifthe average daily volume used in the calculation is
not from the last two weeks.Some data providers use a 50-day average of
volume rather than the average of the last two weeks.It is important to
note that  a  large  outstanding  short  position  or  short  interest  ratio  by  itself is not a reason to buy a stock in anticipation ofa short squeeze.It is an
excellent gauge of potential demand for a stock which should be a part of every   trader's   arsenal.
Ifa股票的空头头寸为480万股，平均日成交量为80万股，则SIR为6.0。这意 味着空头需要六天的平均日成交量来平仓其看跌仓位。如果同一股票的平均 日成交量为240万股，则该股票的空头兴趣为2.0,即需要两天来回购。使用 同一股票，但平均日成交量为20万股，则SIR 将变为24,这意味着需要24天 的买入来平仓仓位。
当他们的空头头寸亏损且股票有强劲上涨势头时，空头交易者会感  到“被困”在自己的亏损头寸中。他们知道他们的买入会增加上涨  势头。从“被困”的空头的角度来看， SIR 越低越好，因为他们的买 入对价格的影响不会那么大。在分析一个利用潜在空头挤压候选者  的交易机会时，较高的SIR 是理想的，因为被困的空头交易者更难平 仓。他们需要做出的买入以平掉空头头寸有可能创造显著的上涨势  头，因为越来越多的空头交易者在竞争平掉他们的亏损交易。
您可能会发现来自不同数据源的报告中SIR  存在差异。如果计算中使 用的平均每日成交量不是来自最近两周，就会出现这种差异。 一些数 据提供者使用50天的成交量平均值，而不是最近两周的平均值。需  要注意的是，本身巨大的未平仓空头头寸或空头兴趣比率并不是买入 股票以期待空头挤压的理由。它是衡量股票潜在需求的绝佳指标，应 该是每位交易者武器库中的一部分。
Short Sellers are Often Correct                                                  空头交易者往往是对的
Short sellers with large positions against a stock are typically sophisticated speculators who have done extensive research on their targeted company.  They are often correct,and they make large profits as the stock declines.
There are also those short sellers who have the right idea based on their
fundamental analysis,but the timing of their short sales is off.That can lead to their positions being squeezed.When short trades are correct about a
trend,they will add to their positions as seen in Chart 10.3.
40:0350030002580820800L10m57-U:1牌,5041Short InterestS                 fr                               hn ·         开u 1kan.1
40:0
3500
3000
25808
20800
L10m
57
-U:1
牌
,50
41
Short Interest
S                 fr                               h
n ·         开
u 1
kan.1
Chart 10.3 This daily chart shows the short interest rising as prices decline.Chart:
Koyfin.com
The stockin Chart 10.3 was in a steady downtrend(red arrow)and the
short interest continued to rise(green arrow)as the prices fell.The short sellers were emboldened by the lower prices and added to their bearish
bets as the stock price dropped.
对某只股票持有大量头寸的空头通常是复杂的投机者，他们对目标公 司进行了广泛的研究。他们通常很正确，并且随着股票下跌而获得巨 额利润。还有一些空头，他们的想法基于基本面分析是正确的，但他 们的短期销售时机不对。这可能导致他们的头寸被挤压。当空头交易 正确判断趋势时，他们会增加他们的头寸，如图10.3所示。
宠构总数3000300Sa0820800780547-U:41短期兴趣牌,50
宠构总数
3000
300
Sa08
20800
78
0547
-U:41
短期兴趣
牌
,50
图10 . 3这张每日图表显示了短期兴趣随着价格下降而上升。图表： Koyfin.com
图10.3中的股票呈现稳定下跌趋势(红色箭头),同时空头仓位持 续上升(绿色箭头),随着价格下跌。低价使做空者胆子更大，在 股价下跌时增加了他们的看跌押注。
Short Interest Trend
When  we  look  at  the  changes  in  SIR  during  reporting  periods,we  can  spot the  trend  of  the  short  sellers  and  then  recognize  the  value  of  the
information.
In  Table  10.4  you  can  see  that  in  late  May  there  were  only  225,000  shares
sold  short  in  this   stock(1),but  it  hadjumped  to   13.9  million   shares  by
January   15(2).That  means  the  shorts  added   13.7  million  shares  to  their
short  position  in  six  months.The  average  daily  volume  increased  from
746,000 to 2 million,and the  SIR  climbed  from  less  than  one  to  6.8  days.The information  in  this  table  is  used  in  Chart   10.5.
elegram:   @G
短期兴趣趋势
当我们查看报告期SIR的变化时，我们可以发现做空者的趋势，然后认识到这些信 息的价值。
在表10.4中可以看出，在五月底，这只股票的卖空数量只有
225,000股(1),但到1月15日已跃升至1390万股(2)。这意味着 在六个月内，卖空者向其卖空头寸增加了1370万股。平均日成交量  从746,000增至200万， SIR 指数从不到一天升至6.8天。这张表中的 信息用于图10.5。
Telegram:@Gr
Short Interest
SETTLEMENT DATE
SHORT INTEREST
AVG.DAILY SHARE VOLUME
DAYS TO COVER
01/15 2
13,918,435
2,047,326
6.798348
12/31
14,915,847
2,480,213
6.013938
12/15
12,646,786
2,901,852
4.358177
11/30
11,054,724
2,587,831
4.271811
11/13
10,968,445
2,949,258
3.719052
10/30
8,861,373
1,398,724
6.335326
10/15
8,230,930
1,223,711
6.726204
09/30
7,305,791
1,899,161
3.846852
09/15
6,255,993
2,335,691
2.678433
08/31
2,001,235
1,119,219
1.788064
08/14
1,362,344
1,438,057
1
07/31
1,479,715
935,983
1.580921
07/15
1,488,775*
1,362,027
1.093058
06/30
1,478,405
1,059,460
1.395433
06/15
371,314
1,350,053
1
05/29
224,857
746,026
1
Table 10.4 Short interest table.More recent time periods are on top.Table:
www.nasdaq.com
Now we know when the short sellers became more aggressive.Next,we   want to know at what price they shorted.If they shorted at prices higher than the current price,they would not feel pressure to buy back because they are in a profitable position.When the average short position is
initiated at lower prices than the current price,the short sellers are in a losing position,which makes them vulnerable to a squeeze.Chart 10.5
below,shows how rising prices motivates short sellers to cover their positions.
短期卖空
结算日期
短期卖空
平均每日股量
覆盖天数
ovis 2
13,918,435
2,047,326
6.798348
12/31
14,915,847
2,480,213
6.013938
12/15
12,646,786
2,901,852
4358177
1/30
11,054,724
2,587,831
4.971811
1/13
10,968,445,
2,949,258
3.719052
0,30
§.861,373
1,398,724.
6.335326
10/15
S230,930
1,223,711
6.726204
7,205,791
1,899,161
3.846852
6,255,993
2,335,691
2.678433
08/31
2,001,235
1,119,219
1.788064
oa/i4
1,362,344
1,438,057
03
1,479,715
935,983
1.580921
p7/15
VAR775 CI
1362027
1093058
0630
1,478,405
1,059,460
1.995433
10615
af laid
1,350,053
I
05/29
224,857
746,026
表10.4空头表。较近的时间段在顶部。表：www.nasdaq.com
现在我们知道卖空者何时变得更加激进。接下来，我们想知道他们以什么  价格卖空。如果他们以高于当前价格的价格卖空，他们就不会感到压力要  买回，因为他们处于盈利地位。当平均卖空头寸在低于当前价格时启动时， 卖空者处于亏损地位，这使得他们容易受到挤压。下方的图10.5显示了价  格上涨如何促使卖空者平仓。
毕
Anchor point
1 3.01
AVWAP
13.9M
7.7M
2.0M                                   Number   of  sharesshort
1   4
Chart 10.5 This daily chart shows the short position drop-off as the prices rise.Chart:
Koyfin.com
As we see in Chart  10.5,the short position increased from 2.0 million shares to 13.9 million shares from the end of September to January  15.The AVWAP from9/25  to1/15  was  about  $13.01.We  can  assume  this  is  the  approximate price most  of the  short positions were  initiated.When the  stock broke  past  the  range(A),it  closed  near$20  that  day.That  means  the  average  short  at   that  point  was  down  approximately  $7/share.That's  more  than  a  50%loss   overnight.
Notice how the number  ofshares  in the  short position  droppedby  6.2
million shares,from  13.9 million,down to  7.7 million  shares in the next    month.This  drop is  clear  evidence that the  short  sellers  took  some  large losses and they remained in a vulnerable position on the balance of the   trade  as  the  stock  made  higher-highs  and  higher-lows  after  that  gap
higher.
锚 点善eS33.0113.9M7.7M20M  I                                                     卖空股数
锚 点
善
eS33.01
13.9M
7.7M
20M  I                                                     卖空股数
图10.5这张每日图表显示了随着价格上涨，卖空头寸的减少。图表：Koyfin.com
从图表10.5中我们可以看到，空头头寸从9月底增加到1月15日的
13.9百万股。从9月25日到1月15日的AVWAP   约为13.01美元。我们  可以假设这是大多数空头头寸启动的大致价格。当股票突破区间(  A) 时，那天收盘价接近20美元。这意味着在那个时间点的平均空头 亏损约7美元/股。这相当于一夜之间超过50%的亏损。
注意看，空头头寸中的股票数量减少了620万股，从1390万股下降 到下个月的770万股。这个减少是明确的证据，表明空头交易者遭 受了重大损失，并且在股票在缺口上方形成更高的高点和更低低  点后，他们在交易余额中仍然处于脆弱的境地。
Market  Psychology:When  do  Short
Squeezes Occur?
A short squeeze develops when those who sold the stock short,with the
expectation it would continue to decline in price,change their minds about their trades and attempt to cover their positions before the stock advances and large losses accumulate.The occurrence of a rapidly rising stock
price with a large short interest is known as a short squeeze.The  shorts buys become part of the “market impact cost”as their buys negatively
affect the position they are in.There are several groups of participants
who play a part when a stock gets squeezed:fearful buyers,forced buy-ins, margin calls,target short squeezes,and stock loan calls are some of the
ones we explore below.
Fearful  Buyersr 
If you have ever been short in a stock that continues higher against your
position,you understand the fear that higher prices elicit.To eliminate the mounting losses and the emotional trauma of holding a big loser,short
buyers may panic with their purchases.These purchases cause the stock to advance at arapid pace as the pressure of holding a losing position mounts  on the short seller,and the short seller gets “squeezed.”
The primary motivation to cover a bearish position,as the stock rises,is the fear ofunlimited losses.When you buy a stock at$30/share,your maximum loss potential is $30.00/share.When you sell a stock short at$30,the
potential for loss is,in theory,unlimited.The stock may rise to $60,a 100    percent loss,or it could climb to higher levels resulting in losses of greater than 100%.It is the fear of such an advance that can make for an explosive  upside moves in a heavily shorted stock.In Chart 10.6 we see a clear
example of shorts covering their position as the stock rises.
市场心理：何时会发生短头挤压?
当那些做空股票的人改变主意，试图在股票上涨并累积巨大损失之前 平仓时，就会发生空头挤压。股票价格快速上涨且存在大量空头头寸 的情况被称为空头挤压。空头买入成为“市场冲击成本”的一部分， 因为他们的买入行为对他们的头寸产生负面影响。当股票被挤压时， 有多个参与者发挥作用：恐慌性买家、被迫买入、保证金追缴、目标 空头挤压和股票借贷追缴是我们下面探讨的一些。
恐慌的买家                         
如果你曾经做空一只持续上涨的股票，你就能理解高价带来的恐惧。 为了消除不断累积的亏损和持有重大亏损标的的情绪创伤，空头买家 可能会在购买时恐慌。这些购买行为导致股价快速上涨，因为空头卖 家持有的亏损头寸压力不断累积，空头卖家因此被“挤压。”
覆盖空头头寸的主要动机，随着股价上涨，是害怕无限亏损。当你以   每股30美元的价格买入股票时，你的最大亏损潜力是每股30.00美元。 当你以每股30美元的价格做空股票时，理论上亏损的可能性是无限的。 股价可能上涨至每股60美元，造成100%的亏损，或者它可能继续上
涨，导致亏损超过100%。正是对这种上涨的恐惧，可能导致在大量 做空股票中爆发性的上涨行情。在图10.6中，我们看到空头在股价上 涨时覆盖其头寸的一个明显例子。
m06B-Buyers4A·Anchor     tobreakout00016.92M1011.39Msan109r0econtr olregain出a
m
06
B-Buyers
4
A·Anchor     to
breakout
0
00
16.92M
10
11.39M
sa
n
109
r0e
contr ol
regain
出
a
Chart  10.6  The  daily  chart  shows  short  interest  decline  dramatically  after  the  stock
broke     higher.Chart:Koyfin.com
Chart 10.6 illustrates what a short squeeze should look like.The stock broke past resistance(A)and then settled in for a few days.Once the stock made it past the AVWAP(B)from(A),the buyers regained control of the trend.The   short interest below the price action shows how the upward momentum
motivated short sellers to reduce their position from 16.9 million to 11.39 million  shares.
Short squeezes can occur for many reasons,including news events that
change investor perception of the worth of a company.A short squeeze can also develop as long holders of the stock attempt to push the price higher   in an attempt to tap into the emotional buying that trapped short sellers
often provide.If buyers are in control of the stock(it is in a Stage 2
Uptrend),they know short sellers are vulnerable.So long holders will often buy extra shares as the stock rises,with the hope the buyers can create
enough fear in the short sellers so they buy back their position;resulting in the price moving higher.This can be like pouring gasoline on a fire,it only   serves to make it burn hotter and stronger.
m
e
06
48-买方
4
140e
控制
200A·Anchor     to
200
breakout
0
11.39M
sa
■
图10.6日线图显示，股票上涨后，卖空量急剧下降。图： Koyfin.com
图10.6说明了空头挤压应该是什么样子。股价突破了阻力位 (A),
然后又稳定了几天。一旦股价从 (A) 超过了AVWAP(B),      买方重 新控制了趋势。价格行为下的空头兴趣显示了向上的势头如何激励空 头卖家将他们的头寸从1690万股减少到1139万股。
短期挤压可能由多种原因引发，包括改变投资者对公司价值认知的新 闻事件。短期挤压也可能因长期持有股票者试图推高股价，以利用被 套牢的做空者常提供的情绪化买入行为而发展。如果买家掌控了股票 (即处于阶段2上升趋势),他们知道做空者处于脆弱状态。因此，
长期持有者会在股价上涨时购买额外股票，希望买家能让做空者产生 足够恐惧 ， 从而回购其仓位 ； 导致股价进一步上涨 。 这就像往火上倒 汽油 ， 只会让火势更猛烈 。
Forced Buy-Ins
Sometimes short sellers find themselves in a position of being forced by   their brokerage firm to purchase the shares they had sold short,to cover their short positions.There are two reasons for “forced buy-ins,”margin calls and targeted short squeezes.
Margin Calls
When losses in a short position have gone so far against a customer that
the equity levels in their account fall below exchange requirements,the
brokerage firm is required by regulatory bodies-the SEC,NASD,as well as   others-to demand the customer either to deposit more margin money into their account or buy the shares to close the short position.If the customer   does not deposit the additional money,the brokerage will buy the shares to close out the short position and get the customer's account in compliance.
Another reason for a forced buy-in of a short position comes when the
shares shorted are no longer available tobe borrowed against.When long holders of the stock,who have allowed shares to be borrowed for a short
position,sell their long position,the short sellers who borrowed those
shares will have an illegal “naked”short position.If this occurs,it is the
responsibility of the brokerage firm to demand that short sellers either find other shares to borrow,or force customers to buy the stock.If the short
seller cannot locate other shares to borrow,the short seller is required by securities regulations to purchase shares,or the brokerage firm will do it  for them.The forced buy-ins are not "handled with care."The brokerage    firm is only concerned with making the buys before the close of business,   before the risk is assumed by the firm.This can lead to dramatic upside
movement in a heavily shorted stock.
强制买入
有时做空者会发现自己被迫由其经纪公司购买此前卖空的股票，以 平仓。‘被迫买入’有两种原因：保证金追缴和目标性短期挤压。
追加保证金通知
当客户在空头头寸中的亏损程度达到一定程度，导致其账户中的权益 水平低于交易所要求时，监管机构——包括美国证券交易委员会(
SEC) 、 全国证券交易商协会 (NASD)    以及其他机构——将要求客 户要么向其账户存入更多保证金，要么买入股票以平仓空头头寸。如 果客户未能存入额外资金，经纪公司将买入股票以平仓空头头寸，并 使客户账户符合规定。
另一个导致强制买入空头头寸的原因是，被借入的股票不再可用于抵   押。当允许借出股票以建立空头头寸的股票多头持有者卖出其多头头  寸时，借入这些股票的空头卖家将面临非法的“裸”空头寸。如果发   生这种情况，经纪公司的责任是要求空头卖家要么找到其他股票借入， 要么强制客户买入股票。如果空头卖家无法找到其他股票借入，证券  法规要求他们必须购买股票，或者由经纪公司代为购买。强制买入不  会“小心处理。”经纪公司只关心在营业结束前完成买入，在风险由  公司承担之前。这可能导致被大量卖空的股票出现剧烈上涨。
Targeted Short Squeezes
There is a more sinister way the short sellers can be squeezed,called a
forced buy-in.When large,long holders wish to inflict maximum damage on short sellers,they will allow their stock to be borrowed until a time where   the buyers have taken control of the trend.If an institution that is in a long position of a stock,let's say one million shares,suddenly demands that the   shares they loaned out be delivered back to that firm,the short sellers who  borrowed the shares are stuck looking for new shares to borrow.If the
short seller cannot locate new shares to borrow,they must purchase the    shares they are short.This is effective to place pressure on shorts because of its cold-hearted implementation.In effect,the long holder set the shorts up to be squeezed.No one said Wall Street was a nice place.
Stock   Loan   Calls
When you purchase shares you can request that the company issue an
actual stock certificate,but this is rare.Most investors purchase stocks “in street name,"which means that the brokerage firm holds the shares as a
convenience to the customer.A source of revenue for brokerage firms is to loan customer shares to be shorted.Depending upon how the investor
(you)purchased shares and set up your brokerage account,you can either allow or not allow a brokerage to loan out your shares to short sellers.If
your shares are in a cash account,the brokerage cannot loan your shares.If your shares are in a margin account(and therefore with an hypothecation   agreement),it allows the brokerage firm to “hypothecate”(lend out)these   shares to other customers who may want to establish a short position.The   brokerage will charge customers fees to borrow stock for short positions.
A way to prevent your long positions from being lent out is to enter a
“good-until-canceled”(GTC)sell order on the stocks at a price you believe    has little chance of being transacted.For instance,ifyour stock is trading at
定向短期挤压
空头卖家还有更阴险的方式被挤压，称为强制买入。当大型多头持有 者希望对空头卖家造成最大损害时，他们会允许其股票被借出，直到 买家控制了趋势为止。如果一个持有股票多头头寸的机构，比如一百 万股，突然要求其借出的股票返还给该公司，借入这些股票的空头卖 家将陷入寻找新股票借入的困境。如果空头卖家无法找到新的股票借 入，他们必须购买他们卖空的股票。这种方法之所以有效，是因为其 冷酷无情的实施方式。实际上，多头持有者设下了让空头被挤压的陷 阱。没人说华尔街是个好地方。
股票借贷要约
当你购买股票时，你可以要求公司发行实际的股票凭证，但这很少见。 大多数投资者以“街名”方式购买股票，这意味着经纪公司为客户保  管股票以提供便利。经纪公司的一种收入来源是向客户出借股票以供  卖空。根据你购买股票的方式以及如何开设你的经纪账户，你可以允  许或禁止经纪公司出借你的股票给卖空者。如果你的股票在现金账户  中，经纪公司不能出借你的股票。如果你的股票在保证金账户中(因  此有质权协议),它允许经纪公司“质权”(借出)这些股票给可能  想建立卖空头寸的其他客户。经纪公司会向客户收取借入股票用于卖  空 positions   的费用。
一种防止你的多头仓位被借出的方法是，在你认为交易可能性很小的价格上， 对股票下达一个“有效至撤销”(GTC) 的卖单。例如，如果你的股票正在  以
$30,you enter a GTC sell order at $200.Because of the pending order to
liquidate  your  long  position  at$200,the  brokerage  firm  cannot  lend  out  the shares  in  your  account.
Two Types of Short Squeezes
People  often  call  any  short-term  stock  bounce  in  a  downtrend“a  short
squeeze."Most  quick  rallies  in  a  downtrend  include  short  sellers  covering their   positions   during,and   in   part,causing,the   rise.Not   all“short
squeezes"lead  to  a  continued  upside  price  increase.Below  we  examine  two different  types  of  short   squeezes;the  short-term  knee-jerk  squeeze,and
the  longer-term   structural   short   squeeze.
Knee-Jerk Short Squeeze
This  squeeze occurs in a longer-term downtrend with a large  short
position.When a stock in an established Stage 4 Decline is accompanied by a  large  short  position,short  sellers  are  in  control  of  the  trend.Their
accumulated profits make short sellers less likely to panic and cover at the first signs of a bounce.When prices are in a Stage 4 Decline,short sellers
can dig their heels in and  stay  short until their bearish opinion changes or, in the most severe down market,the stock becomes delisted in a
bankruptcy.Still,some  short  sellers  will  panic  and  cover  their  position after even a  small bounce.
Chart  10.7  shows  a  knee-jerk  short  squeeze.Notice  how,after  the  large  gap down  in  November,short  sellers  covered  some  of their  shares,which  you
can  see  in the  declining  short  interest.As the  stock  continued  lower  over
the next  few  months,short  sellers  became  emboldened  and  nearly  doubled  their  short  position(green  arrow).While  many  participants  try  to   "buy  the
$30的价格交易，你下达一个$200的GTC 卖单。由于存在在$200平 仓多头仓位的有效订单，券商不能借出你账户中的股票。
两种类型的短期挤压
人们通常将下行趋势中的任何短期股票反弹称为“短期挤压”。下行 趋势中的快速反弹通常包括空头在上涨过程中以及部分导致上涨的过 程中平仓。并非所有“短期挤压”都会导致持续的上行价格增长。下 面我们考察两种不同类型的短期挤压：短期本能挤压和长期结构性短 期挤压。
本能短期挤压
这种挤压发生在长期下行趋势中，存在大量空头头寸。当一只处于确 立的第四阶段下跌阶段的股票伴随着大量空头头寸时，空头控制着趋 势。他们累积的利润使空头在反弹的最初迹象出现时不太可能恐慌并 平仓。当价格处于第四阶段下跌阶段时，空头可以坚守立场，继续持 空，直到他们的看跌观点改变，或者在最为严重的熊市中，股票因破 产而退市。尽管如此， 一些空头在即使小幅反弹后仍会恐慌并平仓。
图10.7显示了一个膝跳式短空挤压。注意，在11月出现大幅下跌后，做空者卖 出了一些股票，这在不断下降的做空兴趣中可以看出。随着股票在接下来的  几个月里继续下跌，做空者变得更加大胆，并将他们的做空头寸几乎翻了一  番(绿色箭头)。虽然许多参与者试图“买入低点”,作为多头头寸，但做  空者知道没有所谓的“跌太多”。因此，他们继续持有他们的空头头寸。
dip,"as a long position,short sellers know there is no such thing as “down too much.”Therefore,they continue to hold their short position.
Stage 4 Decline stocks can experience quick and large rallies,but those short-term   bursts    typically   fail    as   longer-term    selling    pressure   is    too    strong to overcome.
.
Chart 10.7 This daily chart shows short interest increase,even on the short-term
bounce  in  February.Chart:Koyfin.com
Psychology:Trading against the trend
Stocks in a downtrend will attract “momentum short sellers”who pile on
extra shares of short stock after the short-term rallies.You may be tempted to buy the short-term rallies because they can result in quick trading gains. However,when the longer timeframe is lower,long purchases are very
risky trades.These short-term bounces are best left to the most risk-
tolerant traders who specialize in the shortest timeframes.The best course of action is to stay with the primary trend rather than fight them.
低点，”作为多头头寸，做空者知道没有所谓的“跌太多”。因此，他们 继续持有他们的空头头寸。
第4阶段跌势中的股票可能会出现快速且大幅的反弹，但这些短期爆发 通常失败，因为长期卖压过于强大，难以克服。
IM
图10.7这张每日图表显示了短期兴趣的增加，即使在2月份的短期反弹中也是如此。 图表：Koyfin.com
心理学：逆势交易
处于下跌趋势的股票会吸引“动量卖空者”,他们在短期反弹后会增 加卖空股票的数量。你可能会被短期反弹所吸引，因为它们可以带来 快速的交易收益。然而，当更长的时间周期较低时，长期买入是非常 冒险的交易。这些短期反弹最好留给最能够承受风险的交易者，他们 专门从事最短的时间周期。最好的做法是坚持主要趋势，而不是与之 对抗 。
Structural  Short  Squeeze                                                           结构性空头挤压
A second short squeeze is what I call a"structural short squeeze."It occurs when a stock in an established Stage 2 Uptrend has a large short position    that is"out of the money."
When we combine the price data along with the short interest trend of the short sellers,we can determine the approximate price level where the
short positions were initiated.We use this information to determine the "pain point"where the  short  sellers(in  the  aggregate)are  in  a  losing
position.
Once the average short seller is losing money,the stock is vulnerable to a   squeeze,and a subsequent increase in price.If most short positions were    initiated at lower levels,the growing losses in a rising stock motivate short sellers to reconsider their positions and purchase the stock.
When they cover their shorts,additional demand fuels the market,which adds further pressure to the average short seller.This type of squeeze
setup(Chart 10.8)can lead to substantial moves higher.This is based on the large number of short sellers who are wrong about the stocks price   decline.
The stock in Chart 10.8 shows an initial advance from(A)to(B).During that rally from$32 to $52,the short sellers remained stubborn about their view  ofthe stock,as shown by little change in the short position(blue arrow).
After the rally began to pullback,we anchor a AVWAP to(B).We can see the short sellers remained complacent and even added a few shares to their
bearish bets,to  11.7 million short shares.
第二种卖空挤压，我称之为“结构性卖空挤压”。它发生在处于已 建立的阶段2上升趋势中的股票有一个“亏损”的大卖空头寸时。
当我们结合价格数据以及卖空者的短期兴趣趋势时，我们可以确定卖空头 寸的初始价格水平。我们使用这些信息来确定卖空者(总体而言)处于亏 损状态的“痛点”。
一旦平均卖空者开始亏损，股票就容易受到挤压，并随后价格上涨。 如果大多数卖空头寸是在较低水平上开仓的，那么在上涨的股票中不 断增长的亏损会促使卖空者重新考虑他们的头寸并购买股票。
当他们平掉卖空头寸时，额外的需求会推动市场，这给平均卖空者  增加了更大的压力。这种挤压设置(图表10.8)可能导致大幅上涨。 这是基于大量卖空者对股票价格下跌判断错误。
图表10.8中的股票从 (A)  到 (B)   出现初步上涨。在从32美元上涨到52美  元的反弹期间，卖空者对其对股票的看法仍然固执己见，如卖空头寸(蓝色 箭头)变化不大所示。在反弹开始回撤后，我们将AVWAP  锚定在 (B)。
我们可以看到卖空者仍然complacent 甚至增加了几百万股卖空头寸，达到 1170万股。
6911B-52C-45A-32DM11.7M6.0Moe诺
69
11
B-52
C-45
A-32
D
M
11.7M
6.0M
oe
诺
Chart  10.8  This  daily  chart  shows  how  a  structural  short  squeeze  occurs  when  short sellers   methodically   cover    their   position    in   an    uptrend.Chart:Koyfin.com
It wasn't until(C)at$45/share,when the stock crossed back above the  AVWAP from the prior peak(B),that we knew for sure the buyers were back in control.At(D)short sellers began to cover their positions(red
arrow).Over the next few months,the stock rallied from$45 up to
$69/share and the shorts covered 5.7 million shares.The stock still had 6
million shares ofexposure with the stock at all-time highs.I wouldn't want
that position.
B-52
C-45
.
A-32
D
11.7M
6.0M
图10.8这张每日图表显示了在上升趋势中，空头卖家如何系统性地平掉他们的仓位。 图表；Koyfin.com
直到(C)股价达到45美元/股时，当股票再次突破先前的峰值(B)上方  的AVWIAP时，我们才确切知道买家重新掌握了控制权。在(D)空头 卖家开始平掉他们的仓位(红色箭头)。在接下来的几个月里，股  价从45美元上涨到69美元/股，空头平掉了570万股。尽管股价创下  了历史新高，但仍有600万股敞口。我不希望持有那个仓位。
A1B12.3M                          13.7M3,9M临800
A
1
B
12.3M                          13.7M
3,9M
临
800
Chart 10.9 This daily chart shows the short sellers did not decrease their exposure as
the stock price rose.Chart:Koyfin.com
The  stockin  Chart   10.9  shows  when  the  shorts  remained  stubborn.Focus  on (B),where  the  buyers  clearly  took  control  of  the   stock.We  knew  for  certain   the  buyers  were   in  control  from  that  peak(B)where   it  crossed  above  the
AVWAP  anchored  from  the  high(A).Short  sellers  who  increased  their position  from  3.9  million  to   12.3  million  shares  at  or  near(B)were  in   trouble  because  the  stock  was  above  that  AVWAP.
The  interesting  part   is  that  the  short  position   was  at  the  highest  level,13.7 million  shares,while  the  stock  broke  to  an  all-time  high(after  C).The
AVWAP(green)from  the  last  higher-low(C)was  rising  under  the  stock  as  it traded  in  a  tight  range.With  buyers  clearly  in  control  and  short  sellers  in  a  large  losing  position,this  is  the  type  of  stock  you  want  to  identify  as  a
structural    short    squeeze    candidate.
图10.9这张每日图表显示，随着股价上涨，卖空者并未减少其敞口。图：
Koyfin.com
图10.9中的股票显示，卖空者态度顽固。关注(B) 处，买方明显掌控了该股 票。我们从(B) 处的峰值(该峰值高于从高点(A) 锚定的AVW2AP)    就确定 买方掌控了该股票。在(B) 处或附近将头寸从390万股增加到1230万股的  卖空者遇到了麻烦，因为该股票高于那个 AVWAP。
有趣的是，空头仓位达到了最高水平，137万股，而股票突破历史新  高 (C 点之后)。从上 一 个更高低点 (C 点 ) 开 始 的AVWAP    (绿色) 在股票交易时呈上升趋势，且交易区间狭窄。在买方明显掌控局面而 空头在大幅亏损的情况下，这就是你想识别为结构性空头挤压候选股 的类型。
Here are some general points to help you determine the stocks that may become structural squeeze candidates:
1.Uptrend    on    the     daily    timeframe.At a minimum,the stock must be above the rising 50-day moving average.Stocks at or near all-
time highs are best because there is no real motivated source of
supply from holders looking to get out at break even,and allof the longs are in a winning position.If the stock is in a downtrend,it is  not a good squeeze candidate,as short sellers are in control and
have no reason for aggressive purchases.
2.Absence   of   any   hedging   vehicles.Some common ways for short sellers to hedge bearish bets are with options;a different class of
common  stock,warrants,convertibles,preferred  stock,or  any  other hedge products.If there is an inability to hedge against a short
exposure,it will leave the short seller in a more vulnerable position.
3.Short        interest should be high relative to average volume.The    higher the SIR,the greater the difficulty short sellers will have in purchasing  their  shares.
4.Level   of   potential    squeeze.Check to see the approximate level  that most shorts were initiated.We can approximate this with the AVWAP.When the stock rises above this level,the average short
seller is losing money.That makes the shorts exposed to a squeeze.
Stocks with double sources of demand(longs and shorts)and tight supply (especially if the stock is at or near an all-time high)can lead to excellent upside  trade  opportunities.
Short  sellers  are  usually  savvy  speculators.However,like  any  group  of market  participants,they  aren't  always  right. When shorts are wrong
以下是一些帮助你确定可能成为结构性挤压候选股的股票的一般要点：
1. 日线图上呈现上升趋势。至少，股价必须高于上升的50日移动 平均线。股价处于或接近历史最高位的股票最佳，因为持有人没 有实际的动力在盈亏平衡点时卖出，而且所有多头都处于盈利位 置。如果股价处于下跌趋势，则不是好的挤压候选对象，因为空 头在掌控局面，并且没有理由进行激进性购买。
2.缺乏任何对冲工具。空头为了对冲看跌赌注，常见的方法是使用期权； 不同类别的普通股票、认股权证、可转换证券、优先股票或任何其他对   冲产品。如果无法对空头敞口进行对冲，将使空头处于更脆弱的位置。
3. 空头仓位相对于平均交易量应较高。SIR 越高，空头在购买 其股票时将面临更大的困难。
4.潜在挤压水平。检查大多数空头最初建仓的大致水平。我们   可以用AVwaP  来近似估算这一点。当股价上涨超过这一水平时， 平均空头开始亏损。这使得空头面临被挤压的风险。
具有双重需求来源(多头和空头)且供应紧张(尤其是如果股票处 于或接近历史最高点)的股票可能导致绝佳的上行交易机会。
做空者通常是精明的投机者。然而，像任何市场参与者一样，他们 并不总是正确的。当做空者判断错误时
about the direction of a stock,their move to cover can lead to some
excellent trend opportunities for traders who can recognize the squeeze situation develop.
Telegram:@GroupBuys     Bot
关于股票的走势，他们的平仓行动可能为能够识别挤压情况形成
的交易者带来一些绝佳的趋势机会。
Telegram:@GroupBuys   Bot
KEY TAKEAWAYS·Short squeezes are motivated by short sellers who fear unlimited losses that  can  arise  from being  in  a  losing   position.·The  higher  the  SIR  is,the  more  difficult  it  is  to  exit  ashort  position  and  the  greater  the  upward  impact  will  be on price.I consider an SIR of 5 or greater to besignificant  enough  to  think  a  short  squeeze  could develop  in  the  stock.·Knee-jerk   short   squeezes   are   typically   short   lived.·Structural short squeezes can lead to longer-term uptrends.·We want to identify structural short squeeze candidates because  they  can  lead  to  dramatic  upside  moves  where  trend traders can profit.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
·Short squeezes are motivated by short sellers who fear unlimited losses that  can  arise  from being  in  a  losing   position.
·The  higher  the  SIR  is,the  more  difficult  it  is  to  exit  a
short  position  and  the  greater  the  upward  impact  will  be on price.I consider an SIR of 5 or greater to be
significant  enough  to  think  a  short  squeeze  could develop  in  the  stock.
·Knee-jerk   short   squeezes   are   typically   short   lived.
·Structural short squeezes can lead to longer-term uptrends.
·We want to identify structural short squeeze candidates because  they  can  lead  to  dramatic  upside  moves  where  trend traders can profit.
关键要点短期挤压是由做空者驱动的，他们担心在亏损头寸中可能 出现的无限损失。SIR 越高，退出空头头寸就越困难，对价格的上行影响  也越大。我认为SIR 达到5或更高就足以认为股票中可能 发展出短期挤压。突发性短期挤压通常持续时间较短。结构性短期挤压可能导致更长期的上涨趋势。我们想要识别结构性短多挤压候选对象，因为它们可 能导致剧烈的上行行情，趋势交易者可以从中获利。
关键要点
短期挤压是由做空者驱动的，他们担心在亏损头寸中可能 出现的无限损失。
SIR 越高，退出空头头寸就越困难，对价格的上行影响  也越大。我认为SIR 达到5或更高就足以认为股票中可能 发展出短期挤压。
突发性短期挤压通常持续时间较短。
结构性短期挤压可能导致更长期的上涨趋势。
我们想要识别结构性短多挤压候选对象，因为它们可 能导致剧烈的上行行情，趋势交易者可以从中获利。
CHAPTER 11
IPO TRADES WITH
THE AVWAP
"If you know the ‘zero point'you can
"The IPO is the zero point for every
stock.”
—Brian Shannon
Chapter      Objectives
1.How AVWAP adds objective structure to IPOs
2.IPO AVWAP is useful from the first minute of trades to years later
第11章
IPO交易与
AVWAP
“如果你知道‘零点’,你就可以测量任何事 情。”—W.D.Gann
“IPO 是每支股票的零点。”
—布莱恩 ·沙伦
章  节 目 标      
1.AVWAP 如何为IPO 添加客观结构
2.IPO   AVWAP从交易的第一分钟到多年都很有用 更晚
private company first sells shares of stock to the publicto raise capital.The A    process is known as the “Initial Public Offering”or "IPO."It is referred
to as “going public”because it is the first time the public can own a piece of the company through an offering on a public exchange.It is the“birth”of a  stock.
Initial Public offerings are a unique opportunity to study price action from the inception of a stock as a publicly traded company.Because there is a
defined starting point to anchor an AVWAP from,an IPO offers the purest look at supply and demand from a fixed starting point shared by all
participants.
Why Anchor to the IPO?
All IPOs start their life as a public company with a single trade.That first
trade is the “opening print”where all of the buy andsell orders are
matched.After that first print,the stock trades freely in the open market. The opening print is usually the largest volume of stock on a 1-minute
timeframe.The large volume of the opening print is the aggregate ofall the buy and sell orders.After the opening print,the stock trades like any other  stock,subject to the laws of supply and demand.
The AVWAP has been my primary analysis tool for IPOs since Ifirst began to experiment with it.Chart11.1 is a blog post from www.Alphatrends.net in
2007.
私人公司首次向公众出售股票以筹集资金。该过程被称为“首次公开 募股”或 “IPO” 。 它被称为“上市”,因为这是公众首次可以通过在公 开交易所的发行拥有公司的一部分。它是“股票的诞生”。
首次公开募股 (IPO)   提供了一个独特的机会，可以研究一只股票作为公开 交易公司时的价格行为。由于有一个明确的起点来锚定平均成交量加权平  均价格 (AVWAP),IPO     为所有参与者提供了一个从固定起点观察供需关 系的纯粹视角。
为何锚定IPO?
所有IPO 都以一家公开交易公司的形式开始其生命周期，并仅进行一 笔交易。这笔第一笔交易是“开盘成交”阶段，在此阶段所有买入和 卖出订单被匹配。在此第一笔交易之后，该股票在公开市场上自由交 易。开盘成交通常是一分钟时间框架内股票成交量最大的阶段。开盘 成交的成交量是所有买入和卖出订单的总和。开盘成交之后，该股票 像其他任何股票一样交易，受供需规律的影响。
自■开始尝试使用以来，AVWAP一直是我分析IPO的主要工具。图11.1是2007年来自 www.Alphatrends.net的一篇博客文章。
Since Coming Public
言    …:-1、   1-    ! m:1 ·...       :!A!…i                    S₅                              :9-!"        :
世                ：!
teJI deys ugo NelSute nc:INYSN:hed erexcelleril rLr Nowhe stock Isexener.ng+U1Le prp't
taking ardtiebest levelcfsuippor orthe sOCK appears to be re2r 3275-3325wc!istre locatonof tne618” 。retracement  leve.of  the  rslly  That  lece.153lso  where  the  VolLne  WeightedAverage  Price
IVWAP:isc.rd mear':ng trarit is the averace pricepa:d for :he sLock intne after marke:Witr Lit.e elSr to base an analysis on the ccmb:rstic-1 oftncse DrIce and vcune based idicator55-9qcst we icok fcr
tieslock  tofrd  耳   ：r n thal aIPa
ET9*205wom几 要                          _0            n 明        _ 原 概 _
ET9*
20
5
w
om
几 要                          _0            n 明        _ 原 概 _
Chart 11.1 This is a blog post I wrote in 2007 about potential support at the AVWAP from
the IPO.Note,this company no longer exists as a publicly traded stock.Chart:
RealTick.com
For the first couple of weeks,daily chart data is of little value without an
AVWAP.Ifyou trade  from  a  chart with  daily  data,wait  for  more  data  to  build to make sense of the chart.
Ifyou want to use the 50-DMA,you need to wait until the fiftieth day the stock trades.If you want to trade the first day the stock comes to life, look  at  intraday  charts  and  use  VWAP/AVWAP.
自公开以来
言 ： …:-1.     1…       1 ·..     !:!!-…                 S      0      :9   5!.a:
法德。丹尼尔 ·尼勒特 ·尼 ·赫德认为，这是对市场进行出色观察的绝佳机会。1号经验者创造了一个小波动，并 支持了“股票似乎接近3275-3925”的观点，这是618°回调级别的共振点。该级别也是成交量加权平均价格
(AWA)   的转折点，这意味着这是在盘后市场为该股票支付的平均价格。除了基于最佳价格和波动指标进行 基本面分析外，还建议关注该股票是否在该区域出现空间。
Ms        ate        e        aes-_
9颅
师     120
图表11.1这是我于2007年撰写的关于IPO
a
w
S
n
在AVWAP 上的潜在支持的博客文章。 1
注意，这家公司不再作为公开交易股票存在。图表：RealTick.com
在最初的几周内，如果没有AVWAP,    每日图表数据几乎没有价值。如果你 从包含每日数据的图表进行交易，请等待更多数据积累以理解图表。
如果您想使用50日均线，您需要等到股票交易的第50天。如果您想交 易股票上市的第一天，请查看日内图表并使用VWAP/AVWAP。
Start Charting the Shortest Timeframes
I start my analysis of IPOs on the first day with a 1-minute chart.The 1-
minute chart allows me to see price action develop in real time.As the stock builds more price and volume data history,my analysis will move out from a 1-minute  timeframe  to  5-minutes,15,30,65  timeframes  andlonger.Of
course,it is always by using a multiple timeframe analysis where we find the most value.
The first trades of an IPO are similar to gap trades.There is a sudden
supply/demand shift,which becomes an important anchor point for the
stock.There is no subjectivity about where to set the anchor in an IPO.We set it from the first trade.
The following examples use several timeframes to emphasize how
important the IPO AVWAP is from the first trade of a new stock to several years after the IPO.
Chart 11.2 is a 1-minute timeframe,it begins the moment the stock traded through the end ofits first day as a public company.There are two
(A)VWAPs on this chart.The first VWAP(purple)is anchored to the first minute of trading.The second AVWAP(blue)is anchored to the second
minute of trading.
The stock was a "hot IPO,"which means there was a lot of demand right out of the gate.We know that because the stock immediately rallied so strongly that it triggered an exchange halt(1)after a quick rise of 10%.
开始绘制最短的时间框架
我会在第一天使用1分钟图表开始对IPO进行分析。1分钟图表让我能够实时  看到价格走势的发展。随着股票积累更多的价格和成交量历史数据，我的分 析将从1分钟时间框架扩展到5分钟、15分钟、30分钟、65分钟以及更长的时 间框架。当然，我们总是通过使用多时间框架分析来发现最大的价值。
IPO 的首笔交易与缺口交易相似。存在突然的供需转变，这成为股 票的重要锚点。在IPO  中设置锚点的位置没有主观性。我们从首笔 交易开始设置。
以下示例使用多个时间框架来强调新股从首笔交易到IPO  后数年， IPO  AVWAP的重要性。
图表11.2是一个1分钟时间框架，它从股票开始交易的时刻开始， 到其作为上市公司第一天的结束时。这张图表上有两个(A)
VWAP。  第一个 VWAP   (紫色)锚定于交易的第一分钟。第二个 AVWAP  (蓝色)锚定于交易的第二分钟。
该股票是一只“热门IPO”,    这意味着从一开始就有很大的需求。我们知道 这一点，因为该股票立即大幅上涨，引发了交易所暂停交易(1),涨幅在 10%之后迅速达到。
Mruhe72.0070.0068.00感 乃64.0062.0060.0058.0056.0054.0052.0050.0048.0046.00:5;    '250   125;    12p               :    1       145p   200:     25p     20:     149p    3209U   515;Open   print  volume1.DM112油x   n34813:320M
Mruhe
72.00
70.00
68.00
感 乃
64.00
62.00
60.00
58.00
56.00
54.00
52.00
50.00
48.00
46.00
:5;    '250   125;    12p               :    1       145p   200:     25p     20:     149p    3209U   515;
Open   print  volume
1.DM
112
油x   n
348
13:
3
20M
Chart 11.2 One-minute chart.When a stock first begins trading as an IPO it is helpful to
anchor to the first and second minutes.Chart:TC2000.com
Stocks are halted by the NASDAQ for a few minutes when a move of 10%or more occurs in a five-minute period.The AVWAP from the first minute
trailed the stock significantly through the end of the day.
Ifyou waited for a pullback to the AVWAP from the open,you would have
missed the move since it never touched the first minute AVWAP(purple).If instead,you knew to anchor from the  second minute that does not include    all of the volume from the open print,you would have had the opportunity
Mrme72.0070.0068.00657S64.0062.0060.0058.0056.0054.0052.0050.0048.0046.00"hntLi  开放印刷量.1.DMia             i                           a                     den                     ah2.0M
Mrme
72.00
70.00
68.00
657S
64.00
62.00
60.00
58.00
56.00
54.00
52.00
50.00
48.00
46.00
"
hnt
Li  开放印刷量.
1.DM
ia             i                           a                     den                     ah
2.0M
图表11.2一分钟图表。当一只股票首次作为IPO   开始交易时，锚定第一分钟和第二分钟 是有帮助的。图表：TC2000.com
当五分钟内发生10%或更多的波动时，纳斯达克会暂停股票交易几分钟。 从第一分钟开始，AVWAP   显著落后于该股票，直到当天结束。
如果你等待开盘价回调至AVWAP,    你会错过这次行情，因为它从未 触及第一分钟AVWAP    (紫色)。如果你知道从第二分钟锚定，而第 二分钟并未包含所有开盘量，你就会有机会
to purchase  the  stock  on  two  occasions(2  and3)as  the  stock  tested  and  then rallied away from the second minute AVWAP(blue).Stops for these buys would be placed below the low at the blue arrows.
Graduate to Multi-Day AVWAPS
Chart 11.3 continues to build on the stock from Chart 11.2.
This is the same stock as Chart  11.2,two days after the IPO.This chart is  constructed with 5-minute data.The circled area shows how the AVWAP from the IPO found buyers on the day three as the stock opened on a gap down.
It will surprise you how often buyers or sellers congregate near the IPO
AVWAP,even years after the stocks come public.Institutions will often buy  on pullbacks to the IPO AVWAP,so we want to be ready to act in that area as well.After day one of an IPO,it is no longer necessary to anchor from the
second minute as the divisor increases and the impact of the  first-minute trades    lessens.
在两次(2和3)购买股票的机会，因为股票测试并从第二分钟AVWAP (蓝色)反弹。这些买入的止损位将放在蓝色箭头的低点下方。
晋升至多日AVWAPS
图表11.3继续基于图表11.2的股票构建。
这是图表11.2的同一股票，IPO 后的两天。这张图表使用5分钟数据构建。 圆圈区域显示了IPO  AVWAP如何在第三天找到买家，因为股票以向下   跳空开盘。
你会惊讶于买家或卖家在IPO   AVWEAP附近聚集的频率，即使股票 上市多年也是如此。机构通常会在回调至IPO    AVWAP时买入，因此 我们也想在那个区域做好准备。 IPO 的第一天后，不再需要从第二分 钟作为基准，因为随着除数的增加，第一分钟交易的影响减弱。
76
72.00 70.00 68.00 66.00 64.00 62.00 60.00 58.00 56.00 54.00 5200  50.00 48.00 46.0044.00 r 十IPO
72.00 70.00 68.00 66.00 64.00 62.00 60.00 58.00 56.00 54.00 5200  50.00 48.00 46.00
44.00 r 十
B
0
Chart 11.3 Notice on this 5-minute chart how this stock found buyers at the AVWAP
from the IPO on the third day of trading.Chart:TC2000.com
Chart 11.4 shows how the addition of AVWAP from the IPO adds structure to our  analysis.The  left  chart  shows  the  stock with price  action  only.On  the
right,we see the AVWAP from the IPO along with price action for the same stock.Notice how the initial rally failed to hold(1).As it made a lower-low  under the AVWAP,it led to a quick selloff below(1).
I725672.00 70.00 68.00 66.00 64.00 62.00 60.00 58.00 56.00 54.00 52:00 50.00 48.00 46.0044.00I图11.3注意在这个■分钟图表中，这只股票如何在交易第三天的IPO  时 在AVWAP  处找到买家IPO
I7256
72.00 70.00 68.00 66.00 64.00 62.00 60.00 58.00 56.00 54.00 52:00 50.00 48.00 46.00
44.00
I
图11.3注意在这个■分钟图表中，这只股票如何在交易第三天的IPO  时 在AVWAP  处找到买家
IPO
从 IPO   开始在交易第三天： 图 ：TC20Q0.com
图11.4显示了从IPO    添   加AVWAP  如何为我们的分析增加结构。左图显示了  仅带价格行为的股票。在右图，我们看到来自IPO       的  AVWAP以及同一只股  票的价格行为。注意初始上涨未能维持(1)。当它在AVWAP  下方形成一个 更低低点时，它导致了快速抛售(1)。
1601200四23Price   withVWAP154H         ao5
160
1200
四
23
Price   with
VWAP
15
4
H         
ao
5
1300
1200
11.23
1.00
Chart 11.4 The VWAP(purple)adds structure to price action in for an IPO on this 10-
minute timeframe.Chart:TC2000.com
Two  days  later,the  stock  rallied  to  the  IPO  AVWAP(2).After  it  moved
through  the  supply  in  that  area  it  made  a  higher-high  above  the  AVWAP (3).This  would  have  been   a  low-riskentry  with   an  initial   stop  below  the  most   recent    and   relevant   higher-low(4).
As  the  stock  rallied  past  $13/share,it  would  be  time  to  raise  the  stop  to
under(5).At(6)the    stop(5)would    have   been   undercut    and    stopped    out.Of course,someone  with   a  longer-term  goal  might  not  have   their  stop  so  tight  and  more  risk  averse  traders  may  have  had  an  even  tighter   stop.
Chart  11.5  shows the AVWAP action for an IPO stock.
3.001601200四2aoH含
3.00
160
1200
四
2
ao
H
含
图11.4 VWAP(紫色)为该IPO在10分钟时间框架内的价格行为添加了结构。图：
TC2000.com
两天后，该股票上涨至IPO      AVWAP(2)。在它穿过该区域的供应后， 它在AVWAP(3)      上方形成了一个更高的高点。这将是一个低风险的入 场点，初始止损位在最新的相关更高低点(4)下方。
当该股票上涨超过每股13美元时，就是时候将止损位提高到(5)下方。在   (6)处，止损位(5)被跌破并止损出局。当然，有长期目标的人可能不会  设置如此紧密的止损位，而更厌恶风险的交易者可能设置了更紧密的止损位。
图表11.5显示了IPO  股票的AVWAP 行动。
28.00
27.49 27.00 26.50
26.00
25.50 25.00 24.50 24.00 23.50 23.00 22.50 22.00 21.50 21.00
20.50
20.00 19.50
Chart 11.5 Three days of trades on a 10-minute timeframe.Chart:TC2000.com
Here is an example of the first three days of trades for an IPO with 10-
minute data.We set the anchor to the first candle(1)on the chart.Notice
how the buyers scooped up shares ofthe stock on the weak open on the
second day(2)and the day after that(3).With the benefit of hindsight,we
can see a purchase(2 or 3)would have worked,but the better buys were(A, B).These were better buy levels because the stock had upward momentum   and a stop could go below the pullback low.A look at the one-minute chart    on the open of day two and day three would have been the best opportunity to purchase this  stock with  a"second-day"entry technique.
Longer-Term Chart Timeframes for IPO's
28.00
27.00 26.50
26.00
25.50 25.00 24.50 24.00
250
21.00
20.50
20.00 19.50
图11:5在10分钟时间框架上的三天交易。-图：TE2000.com
这里是一个IPO        的前三天交易示例，使用10分钟数据。我们将锚点设 置为图表上的第一根蜡烛(1)。请注意，买家在第二天(2)和第三 天(3)的弱势开盘时如何抢购该股票的股份。凭借后见之明，我们  可以看到(2或3)的买入会有效，但更好的买入点是 (A,B)。  这    些 是更好的买入水平，因为该股票有上涨动能，并且止损位可以低于回 调低点。查看第二天(2)和第三天(3)开盘时的1分钟图表，将是  使用“第二天”入场技术的最佳买入机会。
IPO 的长期图表时间框架
63.00
66.06
6406
620
60.00
58.00
5600
5400
520
500
430
4500
440
8
4000
80
Chart 11.6.This chart is constructed with 195-minute candles(2equal periods per day).
It shows the IPO AVWAP for six months.Chart:TC2000.com
The IPO AVWAP anchored(1)in Chart11.6 was briefly undercut(2)before   the stockbroke to a new high(3).A purchase(3)would make sense with a   stop below the low(2).There are several higher-lows(discussed below),so the stop should have been raised to protect the gains over the following
months.
Regardless of where you may choose to set a stop,it would be unforgivable to allow the stock to come all the way down to breakeven(4)or worse,to    allow it to turn into a loss.
Notice  how  the  stock  tested  and  closed  above  the  IPO  AVWAP  at  points(5,6, 7,8,and 9).These were all good levels for a stop.
The stock broke and closed below the IPO AVWAP(10)five months after the stock came public.The stock then held below the AVWAP(11).A short sale   would make sense here since the stock reached a lower-low below AVWAP.
63.00
66.06
6406
620
60.00
58.00
5600
5400
520
500
430
4500
440
58
4000
8的
图表11.6中的IPO    AVWAP锚定(1)在股票突破新高点(3)之前短暂被跌 破(2)。在低点(2)下方设置止损(3)进行买入是有意义的。有几个更高的 低点(将在下文讨论),因此止损位应该提高以保护未来几个月的收益。图表11.6。该图表使用195分钟蜡烛(每天2个等长周期)构建。它显示了IPO AVWAP  六个月的数据。图表：TC2000.com无论你选择在何处设置止损，如果让股票跌至盈亏平衡点(4)或更糟，变 成亏损，这都是不可原谅的。
图表11.6中的IPO    AVWAP锚定(1)在股票突破新高点(3)之前短暂被跌 破(2)。在低点(2)下方设置止损(3)进行买入是有意义的。有几个更高的 低点(将在下文讨论),因此止损位应该提高以保护未来几个月的收益。
图表11.6。该图表使用195分钟蜡烛(每天2个等长周期)构建。它显示了IPO AVWAP  六个月的数据。图表：TC2000.com
注意股票在点(5,6,7,8和9)测试并收于IPOAVWAP   上方。这些都是设置止 损的良好位置。
该股票在上市五个月后跌破首次公开募股的AVWAP(10),         然后维持在
AVWAP(11)     下方。由于该股票在AVWAP 下方达到更低低点，此时做空交易 是合理的。
A stop on this short sale would have gone above the most recent and relevant     lower-high(12).
In Chart11.7 we see a stock that was trapped under its IPO AVWAP for months.
The stock in Chart 11.7 looked like it would be a successful IPO for the first few days,since it opened near the low of the day(1)and closed wellabove  the  IPO  AVWAP  for  the  first  few  days.
It broke below the IPO AVWAP(2)but recovered(3).At(3)it looked like
buyers had control again,but it didn't last long,and the  stock broke below (2)and  made  a  lower-low(4).This  is  where  we  have  confirmation  that
sellers   established   their   dominance(4).
45.00340.00564300B7                 825022.76200015.00Fa           M                         Ap                M  y          n                        AgNav                  Dec35.00,atLan
45.00
3
40.00
5
6
4
300
B
7                 8
250
22.76
2000
15.00
Fa           M                         Ap                M  y          n                        Ag
Nav                  Dec
35.00
,at
Lan
在此做空交易上设置止损位将超过最近且相关的更低高点(12)。
在图表11.7中，我们看到一只股票在几个月内都被困在其IPO AVWAP  之下。
图表11.7中的股票在最初几天看起来像是一次成功的IPO,   因为它在开盘时 接近当天的低点(1),并且在最初几天收市价远高于IPO AVWAP。
它在IPO   AVWAP(2)下方破裂，但随后恢复(3)。在(3)处，看起来买方 再次掌控局面，但这并没有持续太久，股票跌破(2)并形成了一个更低低 点(4)。这就是我们确认卖方确立主导地位的点(4)。
45.00Te  egram:340.00IaLivtr50.2.76200K'ya  Ww5.00AgAp         My,atDecFaNvuLnM
45.00
Te  egram:
3
40.00
IaLivtr
50.
2.76
20
0K
'ya  Ww
5.00
Ag
Ap         My
,at
Dec
Fa
Nv
u
Ln
M
Chart 11.7 Daily chart with IPO AVWAP as resistance.Chart:TC2000.com
Over the next  11  months,the stock rallied up to the IPO AVWAP(5,6,7,and 8)and sellers maintained control as the stock failed to close back above the  IPO AVWAP.As downward pressure accelerated away from the AVWAP,
there  were  excellent   short   sale   opportunities(A,B,C)with  protective   stops above   the   preceding   highs(5,6,and7).
Chart 11.8 shows how the IPO AVWAP flipped from Resistance to Support and then back to Resistance.Chart  11.8  is constructed of weekly candles.
Some people prefer to look at longer timeframes with fewer data points for "less noise."With one week being  five days,there  are  fewer candles to
represent  the  same  data.As  with  alltechnical  analysis,the  IPO  AVWAP concepts  are the  same  on  all  timeframes.
The  anchor  is  set  to  the  first  candle(1)ofan  IPO,regardless  of the
timeframe.Over the next three weeks,the  stock remained below AVWAP until(2)where  it  could  have  been  purchased  with  a  stop  under(A).
As the  stock progressedhigher,it  found buyers  on pullbacks to the IPO AVWAP(3 and 4).
图表11.7日线图，IPO AVWAP 作为阻力位。图表：TC2000.com
在接下来的11个月里，股票上涨至IPO     AVWAP(5,6,7 和8),而卖方维  持控制权，因为股票未能收于IPOAVWAP   上方。随着下行压力加速远离  AVWAP,  出现了绝佳的做空机会(A,B,C),     并设置了保护性止损位在之前 的高点(5,6和7)上。
图表11.8展示了IPO    AVWAP 如何从阻力位变为支撑位，然后又回   到阻力位。图表11.8由周K线构成。有些人更喜欢查看时间跨度更长、 数据点更少的时间框架，以减少“噪音”。由于一周有五天，因此用   更少的K线来表示相同的数据。与所有技术分析一样，IPO
AVWAP   的概念在所有时间框架上都是相同的。
锚点设置为IPO 的第一根K线(1),无论时间框架如何。在接下来的三 周内，股价一直保持在AVWAP  下方，直到(2)处，此时可以在 (A)
下方设置止损买入。
随着股价上涨，它在IPOAVWAP(3     和4)的回调位找到了买家。
eAegram:Dec               Jan                        Feb               Mx                 Apr                 May                       Jun76.0074.00 72.00  70.0068.0066.0064.00   62.00 60.0058.0056.00 54.0052.00   50.0048.0046.0044.0042.0040.0037.78 36.00  34.0032.00Nov2531
eAegram:
Dec               Jan                        Feb               Mx                 Apr                 May                       Jun
76.00
74.00 72.00  70.00
68.00
66.00
64.00   62.00 60.00
58.00
56.00 54.00
52.00   50.00
48.00
46.00
44.00
42.00
40.00
37.78 36.00  34.00
32.00
Nov
2
5
3
1
Chart    11.8    Weekly    chart    for    eight    months   with    IPOAVWAP.Chart:TC2000.com
When the stock moved higher from that level,the stop should be raised to just under(4).It would have been stopped out with a good gain(5).The
next couple of weeks the stock made a higher-low until(6),when it started  to trend lower,below the low of the prior low.The break(6)occurred below the     IPO     AVWAP,so      a      short     sale(7)made      sense     with      a     protective      stop      above the high(6).
eAegram:         GrJun76.0074.00 72.00 70.0068.0066.0064.00   62.00 60.00 58.0056.00 54.0052.00   50.0048.0046.0044.0042.0040.0037.78 36.0034.0032.002651
eAegram:         Gr
Jun
76.00
74.00 72.00 70.00
68.00
66.00
64.00   62.00 60.00 58.00
56.00 54.00
52.00   50.00
48.00
46.00
44.00
42.00
40.00
37.78 36.00
34.00
32.00
2
6
5
1
图表11 .8八个月的周线图，包含IPOAVWAP。     图 表 ：TC2000.com
当股价从那个水平上涨时，止损位应提高到(4)的下方。它本 应止盈并获利(5)。接下来的几周，股价形成了一个更高的低点，
直到(6),此时它开始下跌，低于前一个低点。突破(6)发生在
IPO AVWAP下方，因此做空(7)并在(6)的高点上方设置保护性 止 损 是 合 理 的 。
1240120.00116.0011Z.00108.00104.00100.0090.0092.008.0084.000.5576.0072.0068.0064.0060.0056.00Na?       口YEAR1                     huy                       Sap                  YEAR2My                         SepA6.23BYEAR358471
1240
120.00
116.00
11Z.00
108.00
104.00
100.00
90.00
92.00
8.00
84.00
0.55
76.00
72.00
68.00
64.00
60.00
56.00
Na?       口
YEAR1                     huy                       Sap                  YEAR2
My                         Sep
A
6.
2
3
B
YEAR3
5
8
4
7
1
Chart 11.9 This is the weekly timeframe for three years with an IPO AVWAP.Chart:
TC2000.com
The  IPO AVWAP  can be useful  four  years  after the  stock  comes  public.Chart 11.9  is  constructed  of  weekly  candles,showing  nearly  three  years  of  trades  for  the  stock.We  set  our  anchor  to  the  first  week  of  the  IPO(1).After  five
weeks  below  the  IPO  AVWAP,the  stock  was  a  good  buy(2)when  it  cleared the IPO AVWAP and cleared the prior week high.
The  stop  on  this  long  would  be  placed(A)and  then  raised  up  under  the  low  of(3)where  the  stock  bounced  from  the  IPO  AVWAP.At(4)the  long  position would be  stopped  out  as  the  stock  made  a  lower  low.
1Bhh.6AegramI I92.008.0084.000.5576.0072.0068.0064.0060.0056.00L124.00120.00116.00112.00109.00104.00100.00(rou2  3TeMaby8YEA■9o.00
1
B
hh.
6
A
egram
I I
92.00
8.00
84.00
0.55
76.00
72.00
68.00
64.00
60.00
56.00
L
124.00
120.00
116.00
112.00
109.00
104.00
100.00
(rou
2  3
Te
Maby
8
YEA■
9o.00
图11.9这是三年每周的时间框架，带有IPO  AVWAP。图：TC2000.com
IPO AVWAP 在股票上市四年后可能很有用。图11.9由每周的蜡烛 图构成，显示了该股票近三年的交易情况。我们将锚点设置为 IPO
的第一周(1)。在IPO AVWAP下方五周后，当该股票突破IPO AVWAP  并突破前一周高点时，它是一个很好的买入点(2)。
在这个长线上的止损将被放置在(A),  然后抬升至(3)的低点下方，这是股票 从 IPO    AVWAP反弹的地方。在(4)处，随着股票形成更低低点，多头头寸  将被止损平仓。
A couple of weeks later,the stock broke below the prior week low(5).This would have been a good place to enter a short position with a stop above   (B).If a trader progressively lowered the stops tojust above the lower-
highs,the short would have been stopped out(6).This is where the stock broke above the IPO AVWAP and above the prior week high.
A couple of months later,the stock pulled back,and found buyers,at the IPO AVWAP(7),which had been set over 2 years prior.
At(8)the stock cleared the prior week high after it successfully defended  the IPO AVWAP.A purchase(8)made sense with a stopjust under the low (7)
Historical IPO Example
Chart 11.10.Weekly chart with daily detail inset.Chart:Finance.Yahoo.com
Google(Alphabet)Inc.came public in 2004.The daily Chart 11.10 shows the first year of trades in the stock.The inset shows greater detail of the first
几周后，股票跌破上周低点(5)。这将是进入空头头寸并设置止损在 (B) 上方的好地方。如果交易者逐步将止损降低到略高于更低高点， 空头头寸将被止损平仓(6)。这是股票突破IPO   AVWAP和上周高  点的地方。
几个月后，股价回落，找到了买家，在两年前设定的IPO  AVWAP(7) 处。
在(8)处，股价成功守住了IPO  AVWAP,并清除了上周的高点。在低点
(7)下方设置止损位的买入(8)是合理的。
历  史IPO  示  例
0 s031q125膳IposallsSTRUREaee25牌0MM            MyDe      2000   Q      NErA       1
0 s03
1
q
125膳
I
posallsSTRUREaee
2
5
牌
0M
M            My
De      2000   
Q      NEr
A       
1
图11.10。周线图，内嵌日线细节。图表：Finance.Yahoo.com
Google(Alphabet)Inc.于2004年上市。每日图表11.10显示了该股票交 易的第一年。插图显示了第一年的更多细节。
couple weeks of trades.
The AVWAP starts on the first day of the IPO(1).On day 7 of trading(see
inset)the  stock undercut the IPO AVWAP(2)and it would have made  sense to be stopped out there since sellers were in control.
About two weeks later,the stock climbed back above the IPO AVWAP(3).A new long purchase could be made here with a worst-case stop below the   low(A).
It wasn't until six months later,that the stock tested the IPO AVWAP(4).
For those who didn't already own the  stock it made  sense to purchase(5)as it rallied away from the AVWAP.A stop on this purchase,and any existing   long position,would go under the low(4).The stock has been one of the
great stocks of all time.
几周的交易。
AVWAP 在首次公开募股(IPO) 的第一天(1)开始。在交易的第7天(见插 图)时，该股票跌破IPO    AVWAP(2),因此在此处停止交易是有道理的， 因为卖方当时占据主导地位。
大约两周后，股票回升至IPO    AVWAP(3)  以上。在这里可以进行新的多
头买入，止损位设在低点 (A) 以下。
直到六个月后，该股票才测试了IPOAVWAP(4)。    对于那些还没有
持有该股票的人来说，在它上涨远离 AVWAP   时购买(5)是有道理的。 如果停止这次购买，以及任何现有的多头头寸，将会跌破低点(4)。
该股票是有史以来最伟大的股票之一。
Telegram:@Gr
KEY TAKEAWAYS·IPOs are obvious anchor points.·From the first minute of trades to several years later,the IPO AVWAP proves to be a valuable reference point.·Buyers and sellers will make decisions that lead to the    formation of Support and Resistance at the IPO AVWAP.·As with other strategies,the IPO AVWAP is not the only valuable anchor point on the stock.·Use the knowledge from previous chapters to find theother anchor points that are suitable for your timeframe and risk tolerance.·Ifyou want to trade a stock on its IPO day you need to use a  VWAP.·On the first day of an IPO,anchor an AVWAP at thesecond   minute   of   trading   for   objective   analysis   without the noise of the first minute opening print trade.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
·IPOs are obvious anchor points.
·From the first minute of trades to several years later,the IPO AVWAP proves to be a valuable reference point.
·Buyers and sellers will make decisions that lead to the    formation of Support and Resistance at the IPO AVWAP.
·As with other strategies,the IPO AVWAP is not the only valuable anchor point on the stock.
·Use the knowledge from previous chapters to find the
other anchor points that are suitable for your timeframe and risk tolerance.
·Ifyou want to trade a stock on its IPO day you need to use a  VWAP.
·On the first day of an IPO,anchor an AVWAP at the
second   minute   of   trading   for   objective   analysis   without the noise of the first minute opening print trade.
关键要点IPO  是明显的锚点。从交易的第一分钟到几年后，IPOAVWAP     证明是一个有 价值的参考点。买方和卖方将做出决策，导致在IPO    AVWAP处形成支 撑和阻力。与其他策略一样，IPO    AVWAP不是股票上唯一的宝贵 锚点。使用前几章的知识，找到适合你时间框架和风险承受能 力的其他锚点。如果你想在首次公开募股当天交易一只股票，你需要使用VWAP。在IPO 的第一天，在交易的第二分钟锚定一个AVWAP,以便进行客观分析，避免第一分钟开盘时的噪音交易。
关键要点
IPO  是明显的锚点。
从交易的第一分钟到几年后，IPOAVWAP     证明是一个有 价值的参考点。
买方和卖方将做出决策，导致在IPO    AVWAP处形成支 撑和阻力。
与其他策略一样，IPO    AVWAP不是股票上唯一的宝贵 锚点。
使用前几章的知识，找到适合你时间框架和风险承受能 力的其他锚点。
如果你想在首次公开募股当天交易一只股票，你需要使用VWAP。
在IPO 的第一天，在交易的第二分钟锚定一个AVWAP,
以便进行客观分析，避免第一分钟开盘时的噪音交易。
IN CLOSING
"Man's mind,stretched to a new idea,
never goes back to it's original
dimension."
—Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
What will you do with this information?It is my hope that you recognize the power and flexibility of the Anchored VWAP for innumerable timeframes
and setups in the markets.
There is no wrong way to use what I've laid out for you.Iexpect some
readers willuse the concepts and information to complement and fine-tune an approach that already works for them.
Others will try to replicate the strategies exactly as they have been laid
out.If so,I ask that you also follow my advice on managing risk aggressively. Ifyou do both of these together,you have a good chance for success.
Any approach that works,and limits losses when it doesn't work,creates the type of mindset that allows you to accept small losses.When armed
with a winning strategy,you have the confidence to have an attitude of,"I
在结尾处
“人的思想一旦被扩展到一个新的思想
境界，就决不会再回到原来的狭小世界。”
-Oliver   WendellHolmes   Jr.
你将如何使用这些信息?我希望你能认识到Anchored     VWAP在无数 时间和设置中的力量和灵活性。
使用我所为你展示的内容没有错误的方式。我预计一些读者将使用这 些概念和信息来补充和微调他们已经有效的方法。
其他人将尝试完全按照我所展示的来复制策略。如果是这样，我要求你也要 遵循我关于激进管理风险的建议。如果你同时做这两件事，你将有很大机会 成功。
任何有效的方法，并且在失败时限制损失，都会培养一种接受小损 失的心态。当你拥有制胜策略时，你就有信心采取“我”的态度。
loaned$back to the market and I will get it back with interest."A short-
term loss can be part of the process.Do not get stuck in hindsight analysis. Instead,learn to use past data to anticipate what may be next for a market.
This is the best way to create a logical plan that includes the possibility of being wrong and taking a small loss before causing major damage to your   account.
Remember,the AVWAP is a tool.Like any tool it can provide great value if   used properly,but in the hands of an unskilled practitioner,it may do more harm than good.I hope Ihave explained it clearly so you are confident in
getting started to take your trading to the next level with the help of AVWAP analysis.
Now,take your time to become familiar with the AVWAP before you jump into the market guns blazing,looking to make every trade a winner.The   cornerstone to any successful approach is risk management.Risk
management  is  always  Job#1.
And remember,the only thing that really matters in the market is price action. Only Price Pays!
Ifyou found this information to be helpful,please leave a review where you purchased the book.
将$借回市场，我会连本带利收回。”短期亏损可以是过程的一部分。不要陷入事后 分析。相反，要学会利用历史数据来预测市场接下来可能发生什么。这是制定包含  犯错可能性和在造成重大账户损失前承担小额亏损的合理计划的最佳方法。
请记住，AVWAP  是一个工具。像任何工具一样，如果使用得当，
它可以提供巨大的价值，但在缺乏技能的从业者手中，它可能弊大于 利。我希望我已经解释得很清楚，以便您在AVWAP 分析的帮助下， 自信地开始将您的交易提升到下一个水平。
现在，在您冲进市场、试图让每一笔交易都成为赢家之前，
花时间熟悉AVWAP。   任何成功方法的核心是风险管理。风 险管理永远是第一要务。#1。
请记住，市场中真正重要的是价格行为。只有价格才重要!
如果您认为这些信息有帮助，请在您购买本书的地方留下评价。
PART IIIAPPENDICES
PART III
APPENDICES
Telegram:@GroupB
第三部分附录
第三部分
附录
Telegram:@GroupBuys   Bot
APPENDIXA:
THE FOUR STAGES
OF MARKET STRUCTURE
All trade strategies should be based on a solid comprehension of market
structure.There is a definite cyclical flow of money in and out of assets and we can observe this rhythm on charts of all timeframes.Graphic A-1 is a
reference to the various  stages  ofa  stock's  life  cycle.For  a  high-definition downloadable electronic copy of this please see page 234.
Stage     1     Accumulation  refers to the period when a  stock has no trend,it
trades sideways.It occurs after a drop in prices.It is the process of buyers
附录 A: 市场结构 的四个阶段
所有交易策略都应基于对市场结构的深刻理解。资金在资产之间有明 确的循环流动，我们可以在所有时间框架的图表上观察到这种节奏。 图 A-1 是股票生命周期各个阶段的参考。要获取此高清可下载的电
子副本，请参阅第234页。
第一阶段积累是指股票没有趋势，它横盘整理的时期。它发生在价格下跌之 后。这是买方
gaining control from sellers.We know it is in Stage 1 only after the buyers    have regained control of the stock and it enters a Stage 2 Uptrend.Until it is in uptrend,it is a trendless market that should be avoided by trend traders.
Stage     2     Markup(Uptrend)is the bullish phase for stocks or markets. The markup stage is an uptrend,as defined by higher-highs and higher- lows.This is the time to be long.Stocks in uptrends are considered to be  “innocent until proven guilty.”
Stage    3     Distribution.After a prolonged advance,sellers will start to
overwhelm the buyers.This causes the stock or market to turn sideways.  We know that it is Stage 3 only after a decline has begun.Until the decline begins,it is just a neutral period that should be avoided by trend traders.
Stage    4     Decline(Downtrend) is the bearish phase of a stock's life.This is when to be on the lookout for short sale opportunities.The Decline stage is  defined by lower-lows and lower-highs.Stocks in downtrends are
considered“guilty until proven  innocent.”
从卖方手中获得控制权的过程。只有在买方重新控制股票并进入第二阶段上 升趋势后，我们才知道它处于第一阶段。在进入上升趋势之前，它是一个无 趋势的市场，趋势交易者应避免。
阶段2标记(上升趋势)是股票或市场的看涨阶段。标记阶段是 上升趋势，由更高的高点和高低点定义。这是做多的时候。处于 上升趋势中的股票被认为是“无罪，直到被证明有罪。”
阶段3配送。在一段长时间的上涨后，卖方将开始压倒买方。这会导致 股票或市场横盘整理。只有在下跌开始后，我们才知道这是阶段3。在 下跌开始之前，这只是一个中性的时期，趋势交易者应避免。
阶段4下跌(下跌趋势)是股票生命周期的看跌阶段。这是需要警惕 短期卖空机会的时候。下跌阶段由更低低点和更低高点定义。处于下 跌趋势的股票被认为是“有罪直到被证明无罪”。
Acbonable  Educalon  lar  ProRLsSgmes ofDowanenend2-1                 2-2           2-3         3-1    3-2     3-3      41◎Branshannon    2022learn  more  at  ww.alphatrendsnMUECLELAL      BSnaLn”MDIn“LM5C13ALPHATRENDS-Understanding Market Structure““13              2SneofMeACD期eK%LATE AcWarEkWDRL 解phatreSLage3“
Acbonable  Educalon  lar  ProRLs
Sgmes of
Dowanenend
2-1                 2-2           2-3         3-1    3-2     3-3      41
◎Branshannon    2022
learn  more  at  ww.alphatrendsn
MUECLE
LAL      BSnaLn
”
MDIn
“
LM5C
13
ALPHATRENDS-Understanding Market Structure
“
“
13              2
Sneof
MeACD期eK%
LATE AcWarEk
WDRL 解
phatre
SLage3
“
Graphic A-1 Market Structure see Page 234 for a link to the high-defintion downloadable
chart.Chart:www.Alphatrends.net
To summarize,we want to:
·Avoid sideways neutral periods,Stage 1 Accumulation and Stage 3 Distribution.
·Go long in markets where the trend is higher,Stage 2 Markup/Uptrend.
·Be    short    or    avoid    markets    where    the    trend    is    lower,Stage    4 Decline/Downtrend.
ALPHATRENDS-    理解市场结构                           Adchionable Education far Profswet To2-2           2-3         3-1    3-2     3-3      4-1learn more ati  w.alphatrendsnLAL BSTaLno2-4n““snauen1    3    二1.3               2-1MLI Mamz7“ 三◎Bra shanon 202hatrendLMU EICLEWDREDWoF443
ALPHATRENDS-    理解市场结构                           Adchionable Education far Profs
wet To
2-2           2-3         3-1    3-2     3-3      4-1
learn more ati  w.alphatrendsn
LAL BSTaLno
2-4
n
“
“
sna
uen
1    3    二
1.3               2-1
MLI Mamz7
“ 三
◎Bra shanon 202
hatrend
LMU EICLE
WDRED
WoF
44
3
图 形A 市场结构见第23页4-对于链接到可下载的高定义 图表。图表： www.Alphatrends.net
总而言之，我们想要：
*避免横盘中性时期、阶段1累积和阶段3分配。
*在趋势更高的市场中做多，阶段2溢价/上升趋势。
*保持简短或避免趋势较低的市场，阶段4衰退/下跌。
Trend Formation                                                            趋势形成
The direction of the expansions and contractions forms trends on a chart.A move  in  the  trend's  direction  on  a  higher(longer-term)timeframe  is
referred  to  as   an  “impulse  wave.”In  the   short-term,countertrend  moves are     calleda“pullback¹ .”
The rally high is called the“swing high”and the pullback low is known as  the“swing  low.”The  trend's“legs  or  thrusts"will  see  an  expansion  of  the range higher,followed by a contraction of the range in the corrective leg.  These are show in charts A-2 and A-3.
Trade with the Trend
When  a  stock  has  higher-highs(HH)and  higher-lows(HL)it  is  in  an
uptrend.Only  in  retrospect,after  prices  pull  back   fromeach  peak,can  we identify the HH.
Chart  A-2  shows  three  higher  thrusts,represented  by  the  green  arrows.   The  red  arrows  show  the  “corrective  waves”or  pullbacks.Keep  in  mind,a pullback  only  occurs  in  a  primary  uptrend.Stocks  in  downtrends  are
considered"guilty  until  proven  innocent,"and  should  be  avoided  by  long traders.
扩张和收缩的方向在图表上形成趋势。在更高(更长周期)的时间框 架内，沿着趋势方向的运动被称为“脉冲波”。在短期内，逆势运动 <i>1</i>被称为“回调。”
顶部反弹称为“摆动高点”,回调低点被称为“摆动低点。”趋势 的“腿或推动力”将看到范围向更高处扩张，然后在修正腿中范围 收缩。这些在图表A-2 和A-3 中显示。
顺应趋势交易
当一只股票有更高的高点 (HH)   和更高的低点 (HL)    时，它处于上升趋 势中。只有在价格从每个峰值回调后，我们才能回顾性地识别HH。
图 表A-2 显示了三个较高的推力，由绿色箭头表示。红色箭头显示了 “修正浪”或回调。请记住，回调只在主要上升趋势中发生。处于  下降趋势的股票被认为是“无罪直到被证明有罪”,应避免由长线  交易者交易。
78.00*77.00Green        arrows        represent        the"impulse         wave,leg         or         thrust"higher.HHHHHHLLred      arrows      show"corrective        wavepulback."76.00 75.00 74.0071.00 70.00 69.00 68.00 67.00 66.00 65.00 64.00 63.00 62.00 66..00 59.00 58.00 57.00 56.00 55.005..00520051.0050.0049.0048.0047.0046.0045.0044.0043.0042.0041.0040.0039.0038.0037.00Telso am:ThetheorHL?HH仙HL九
78.00
*77.00
Green        arrows        represent        the
"impulse         wave,leg         or         thrust"
higher.
HH
H
HH
HL
L
red      arrows      show
"corrective        wave
pulback."
76.00 75.00 74.00
71.00 70.00 69.00 68.00 67.00 66.00 65.00 64.00 63.00 62.00 66..00 59.00 58.00 57.00 56.00 55.00
5..00
5200
51.00
50.00
49.00
48.00
47.00
46.00
45.00
44.00
43.00
42.00
41.00
40.00
39.00
38.00
37.00
Telso am:
The
the
or
HL?
HH
仙
HL
九
Chart    A-2    This     chart    is    constructed     of    daily    price    candles.It     shows    the    higher-highs     and
higher-lows        in        an        uptrend.Chart:TC2000.com
The     very      definition     of     a      trend     is      what      gives     us     the      most      compelling     reason
to     be     trend      traders.An     uptrend      is      marked     by      a     series      of     HH's      and     HL's.This means     the     sum     of     the      rallies     will     be     greater     than      the     sum     of     the      declines.
Therefore     the      best      odds     for      profitability      lie      in     trading      in      the     direction      of     the primary              trend.
Note,the     last      HLon     Chart      A-2      has     a      question      mark     next      to     it.As      the     trend
changes    to     a     corrective     mode,we    do     not     know     if    it     will    be     a     HLor     ifit    will     fail outright        and       reverse       the       trend.
78.00*77.0076.0075.00 730   70100069.00 68.00 67.0066.o0064003.00620061.00HHHL                      HLthe       “corrective       waveTeleyyam:Green        arrows        represent        the“impulse        wave,leg        or        thrust” 便 高 。d  中  所The     red     arrows     showor          pullback.”HL?HHHH仙
78.00
*77.00
76.00
75.00 730   701000
69.00 68.00 67.00
66.o00
6400
3.00
6200
61.00
HH
HL
                      HL
the       “corrective       wave
Teleyyam:
Green        arrows        represent        the
“impulse        wave,leg        or        thrust” 便 高 。
d
  中
  所
The     red     arrows     show
or          pullback.”
HL?
HH
HH
仙
图  表A-2    此图表由每日价格蜡烛构成。它显示了上升趋势中的更高高点和高低点。图表：
TC2000.com
趋 势 的 定 义 正 是 给 我 们 成 为 趋 势 交 易 者 的 最 有 力 理 由 。 上 升 趋 势 由 一 系   列HH       和  HL      标 记 。 这 意 味 着 涨 势 的 总 和 将 大 于 跌 势 的 总 和 。 因 此 ， 盈 利 的 最 佳 机 会 在 于 顺 着 主 要 趋 势 进 行 交 易 。
注 意 ， 图 表A-2   上 的 最 后 一 个 高 点 旁 边 有 一 个 问 号 。 随 着 趋 势 转 变 为 修 正 模 式 ， 我 们 不 知 道 它 是 否 会 是 高 点 ， 或 者 是 否 会 直 接 失 败 并 反 转 趋 势 。
Just like Support and Resistance,we know only after the fact if it will be a higher-low,sowe wait for evidence of a turn back higher before we
consider a purchase.If the stock does turn back up,the most recent low is known as the “swing low.”
Regardless of the timeframe,from years using the weekly chart down to
just one day using a one-minute chart,the behavior ofa stock in an uptrend is the same.The uptrend action looks like a staircase,with prior levels of
Resistance that act as Support for price.
The opposite is also true for downtrends that are defined by a series of
lower-highs  andlower-lows.Chart  A-3.illustrates  how,in  a  downtrend,the sum of the declines will be greater than the sum ofthe rallies.
LHThe  red arrows  represent the"Impulse   wave,leg   or   thrust"lower.LHLLLHLLThe green arrows shows the  "corrective  wave  or  bounce."LL
LH
The  red arrows  represent the
"Impulse   wave,leg   or   thrust"lower.
LH
LL
LH
LL
The green arrows shows the  "corrective  wave  or  bounce."
LL
就像支撑位和阻力位一样，我们只有在事后才知道它是否会是更低 的高点，因此我们会等待更高反转的证据再考虑购买。如果股票真 的反转上涨，最近的高点被称为“摆动低点。”
无论时间跨度如何，从使用周线图多年的情况，到仅使用一分图一天的 短期情况，上升趋势中的股票行为都是相同的。上升趋势的动作看起来像楼 梯，先前的阻力位成为价格的支持位。
对于由一系列低高点(lower-highs) 和低低点 (lower-lows) 定义的下跌 趋势，情况也是如此。图表A-3说明了在下跌趋势中，下跌总和将大于上涨  总和。
LH红色箭头表示“脉冲浪、腿或推动”较低。LHLLLHLL绿色箭头显示“修正浪或反弹。”LL
LH
红色箭头表示
“脉冲浪、腿或推动”较低。
LH
LL
LH
LL
绿色箭头显示
“修正浪或反弹。”
LL
Chart A-3 This chart is constructed of daily price candles.It shows the lower-highs and
lower-lows in a downtrend.Chart:TradingView.com
Price and Time Corrections
Markets alternate between periods of price advancement in an uptrend, and price contraction as it consolidates the decline in a downtrend.The
expansion of the price range uses up a lot ofenergy and the market needs to “rest.”The rest period can occur by a price pullback or a sideways,
“correction through time.”
A time correction is a stronger candidate for a trend to continue higher
than a price correction.The lack of a deeper price pullback in a time
correction indicates a continued strong bid for shares.A deeper price
correction shows a less agressive bid for the stock.Regardless of how a
correction occurs,it is a chance for the stock to rebuild energy and accept or reject new prices.
It is considered more bullish when a stock corrects through time(as shown in Chart A-4 with the green shaded areas)than a price pullback(indicated  by the red arrows).A price correction is still bullish as long as a HLis
formed.Both time and price corrections should be monitored for evidence of buyers regaining control so we can make a low-risk purchase in the
direction of the primary trend.
图表A-3这张图表由每日价格蜡烛线构成。它显示了下跌趋势中的低高点( lower-highs)    和低低点 (lower-lows) 。  图表：TradingView.com
价格和时间修正
市场在上升趋势中交替出现价格上涨期，并在下降趋势中通过巩固 下跌趋势出现价格收缩。价格区间的扩张消耗了大量能量，市场需 要“休息”。休息期可以通过价格回调或横盘整理，“通过时间进 行修正”来实现。
时间修正比价格修正更有可能是趋势继续走高的强有力候选者。在时间修 正中缺乏更深的价格回调表明对股票的持续强劲需求。更深的价格修正则 显示出对股票的较不积极的需求。无论修正如何发生，它都是股票重建能 量和接受或拒绝新价格的机会。
当股票通过时间修正(如图表A-4中的绿色阴影区域)而不是价格回调 (由红色箭头指示)时，被认为更看涨。只要形成了一个HL,  价格修 正仍然是看涨的。应同时监控时间和价格修正，以寻找买家重新掌控  的迹象，以便我们可以在主要趋势的方向上进行低风险买入。
m
TIME CORRECTIONS
Chart  A-4  Price  vs.Time  Corrections:The  green  areas  show  a  time  correction,whereas
the  red  arrows  show  price  corrections  in  an  uptrend.Chart:TC2000.com
The opposite action unfolds for a stock in a downtrend,as seen in Chart A-5.
On Chart A-5,time corrections in a downtrend(red shaded areas)are   considered vulnerable because they show a lack of aggressive demand. Weak bidders for the stock are eventually overwhelmed and the stock   continues  lower.The  price   corrections(green  arrows)are  short-term  rallies which end up in failure as the longer-term downtrend prevails.
PRICE  as  oe
rad "iA
TIME CORRECTIONSaad' ik
TIME CORRECTIONS
itataglay
图A-4价格与时间修正：绿色区域显示时间修正，红色箭头显示上升趋势中的价格修正。
图表：TC2000.com
在下降趋势中，股票的相反动作展开，如图A-5所示。
在图表A-5中，下行趋势中的时间修正(红色阴影区域)被认为  是脆弱的，因为它们显示出缺乏积极的 demand。  股票的弱势买 家最终会被压倒，股票继续下跌。价格修正(绿色箭头)是短期 反弹，最终以失败告终，因为长期下行趋势占主导地位。
TIME CORRECTIONS
PRICE CORRECTIONS
M
Chart A-5 The red  shaded  areas  show  a  time  correction whereas the green  arrows  show
price   corrections   in   a   downtrend.Chart:TradingView.com
It may be tempting to buy stocks at perceived bargain prices.It has been a    popular mantra to "buy the dip"but as we have seen in Part Two Chapter 7, buying dips is a flawed strategy."Selling the rip"is another popular phrase amongst market participants who sell short the strength of a stock.If you
have ever acted on this kind of advice,I’m glad you're reading this book and hope you'll change your strategy and make stronger trades as a result.
1       Some  traders  refer  to  pullbacks  as  “corrective  waves.”
图表A-5 红色阴影区域显示/a'time-.  修正，而绿色箭头显示
价格修正‘在下跌趋势中。图表：TradingView.com
在感知到的低价时买入股票可能很有诱惑力。‘买入低点’一直是一个流行的信条，但正如我们在第二部分第七章所见，
买入低点是一种有缺陷的策略。“卖出高点”是另一个流行的说法 “卖出高点”是另一个流行的说法
在卖空的市场参与者中，股票的强度。如果你
曾经根据这种建议采取行动，我很高兴你在阅读这本书，并 希望你能改变你的策略，并因此进行更强劲的交易。
1一些交易员将回调称为“修正浪。”
APPENDIX B:
MULTIPLE
TIMEFRAMES
Telegram:@Group
AVWAP is a primary part of my analysis,which I integrate into my multiple timeframe analysis.Time is one of the few variables that we can control in  our pursuit of market profits.Of course,we cannot control time itself,but    we can control our entries and exits and the length of time we choose to
hold our trades or investments.
The period oftime that we allow our market activities to work for(or
against)us is completely subjective.Whether you are a day trader,long-   term investor,or somewhere between,the goal is to always cut our losers and hold our winners.The most effective way to achieve this goal is to
B 附录：多时 间框架
Telegram:@Gro
AVWAP   是我分析的主要部分，我将其整合到我的多时间框架分析  中。时间是我们追求市场利润时可以控制的少数变量之一。当然，我 们不能控制时间本身，但我们可以控制我们的入场和出场，以及我们 选择持有交易或投资的时间长度。
我们允许市场活动为我们(或反对我们)发挥作用的时间是完全主 观的。无论你是日内交易者、长期投资者，还是介于两者之间，目 标始终是止损并持有盈利。实现这一目标最有效的方法是
listen objectively to the message of the market.This is accomplished through  technical  analysis.
Often,the message of the market will be one of confusion,and that is an
important message to recognize.If there is no clear trend or potential trade setup,the message of the market is clear,“be patient,cash is a position.”
We may want to constantly be engaged in the market,but it is better to
observe and wait for the “fat pitch”trade to set up before getting involved in a new trade.
Choose Your Timeframe
One of the most important aspects to your success in the markets is to
identify and stick to a timeframe that is best suited to your personality.
Some people are more attracted to day trading in-and-out of highly volatile stocks,while others may be more interested in a buy and hold approach.
I am not the first person to observe that the number of trades one makes will typically decrease over the number of years that you are in the
markets.The fact is some people are great day traders and that is where they should focus there energy.There are many excellent long-term
investors and that shouldbe their focus.The bottom line is to find the timeframe that works best for you.
Many traders use a combination of timeframes for different strategies.This is how bond managers must work.They diversify their timeframes by the
purchase of 2,5,10,20-years and longer maturities.They are forced to trade various timeframes.Do what works for you and go slow until you figure out the timeframe that is most suitable for you.
客观地倾听市场的信息。这是通过技术分析实现的。
通常，市场的信息会是混乱的，而这是一个重要的信息需要识别。如 果没有明显的趋势或潜在的交易设置，市场的信息是明确的，“保持 耐心，现金是一种头寸。”我们可能想要不断地参与市场，但最好观 察并等待“肥美的投注”交易设置好后再参与新的交易。
选择你的时间框架
对你市场成功最重要的方面之一是识别并坚持最适合你性格的时间框 架。有些人更倾向于日内交易波动性很大的股票，而其他人可能更感 兴趣于买入持有策略。
我不是第一个观察到一个人所做的交易数量通常会随着你在市场 中的年数而减少的人。事实是一些人是伟大的日内交易者，那就 是他们应该集中精力的地方。有许多优秀的长期投资者，那应该 是他们的焦点。底线是找到最适合你的时间框架。
许多交易者使用不同的时间框架来执行不同的策略。这是债券经理必 须这样做的方式。他们通过购买2年、5年、10年、20年及更长期限  的债券来分散时间框架。他们被迫交易各种时间框架。做对你有效的 事情，慢慢来，直到你找到最适合你的时间框架。
Only you can know the best timeframe for your personality,and you will
likely make a lot of mistakes as you figure it out.A long-terminvestor uses the longer-term market exposure to smooth out returns.This requires a
tolerance  for  short-term  volatility.Shorter-term  traders  attempt to  exploit the volatile periods for quicker returns and need to make quick and
accurate  decisions.Because  of their  shorter  timeframe  focus,shorter-term traders can experience a fullcycle of emotions in a single market session    that will take longer-term investors years to experience.This leaves
shorter-term traders more vulnerable to costly,emotional decisions.
Timeframe Considerations
·Are you a fast thinker or  slower thinker?
·Can you quickly observe and objectively make decisions or do you get panicked when you must act on shorter timeframes?
·Are you a slower,methodical participant who must plot and plan each  detail?
·What  suits  your  personality  best?
·What is your capital base?People with small accounts may feel    they have to be more active while larger account holders may be more  patient.
·How much time do you have to commit to the markets?
We need to use even-sized bars/candles for accurate analysis.A common   mistake made in technical analysis is to use timeframes where there are an uneven number of periods each day.
只有你能知道最适合你性格的时间框架，在弄清楚之前，你很可能会犯很多 错误。长期投资者使用长期市场敞口来平滑回报。这需要容忍短期波动性。 短期交易者试图利用波动性时期来获得更快的回报，并且需要做出快速准确 的决策。由于他们的短期时间框架关注，短期交易者在单个市场会话中可能 会经历完整情绪周期，而长期投资者需要数年才能经历。这使得短期交易者 更容易做出代价高昂的情绪化决策。
时间范围考量
你是快速思考者还是较慢思考者?
你能快速观察并客观地做决定，还是当你必须在较短时间范围内 行动时你会感到恐慌?
你是较慢、有条理的参与者，必须规划并计划每个细节吗?
什么最适合你的个性?
你的资本基础是多少?小额账户的人可能会觉得他们必须更活跃， 而大额账户持有者可能会更有耐心。
你有多少时间可以投入到市场?
我们需要使用偶数大小的条形图/蜡烛图进行准确分析。技术 分析中常见的错误是使用每天周期数不等的周期。
This approach unfairly weighs one period over the others and therefore
skews any technical tools we use in our analysis.Take the example with a   chart constructed of 60-minute data(the hourly timeframe.)The market is  open from 9:30 a.m.to 4:00 p.meach day,which is a total of 6.5 hours,or 390 minutes.Ifyou were to use a chart constructed of hourly bars(candles)you would see 7 periods on the chart,but this would not accurately reflect the
price action.If we are to do any analysis of data,we need to make sure we
have a consistent data set,ifthe first period was just 30 minutes(9:30-10:00 a.m.)and the rest were 60 minutes(10:00-11:00,etc.)the data would be
flawed.It would be like measuring a standard 12-inch foot with 1
measurement of 1 centimeter and the other  11measurements with inches. When you add those 12 units up,it does not equal12 inches.
To obtain equal measurement of price and volume data in our analysis,the number of minutes per candle used must all be divisible into 390.I've
demonstrated this in Table B-1.
Number   of   Minutes#of
Candles Per Day
1
390
2
195
3
130
5
78
6
65
10
39
13
30
15
26
这种方法不公平地权衡了一个周期而忽略了其他周期，因此会扭曲我 们分析中使用的任何技术工具。以一个由60分钟数据(即小时周期) 构建的图表为例。市场每天从上午9:30开盘到下午4:00收盘，总计
6.5小时，或390分钟。如果你使用由小时条形图(蜡烛图)构建的图 表，你会看到图表上有7个周期，但这并不能准确反映价格走势。如  果我们要对数据进行任何分析，我们需要确保我们有一个一致的数据 集，如果第一个周期只有30分钟(9:30-10:00),而其余周期都是
60分钟(10:00-11:00等),数据就会出错。这就像用1次1厘米的测量 值和11次英寸的测量值来测量一个标准的12英寸脚一样。当你把这
12个单位加起来时，它并不等于12英寸。
为了在我们的分析中获得价格和成交量数据的等量测量，必须 每个蜡烛使用的分钟数必须都能被390整除。我已在表B-1中
证明了这一点。
分钟数#蜡烛数
每天蜡烛数
26
15
30
13
39
10
65
6
78
5
130
3
195
2
390
1
Table B-1 Illustration of the
relationship between
timeframe and number of
candles per day.
Timeframe Confusion
Trend trades may seem easy when you see a stock in a strong uptrend.
Many participants  fail  to understand that  a  stock  can  have  multiple trends on  different  timeframes.They  only  see  the  longer-term  upward  trajectory  of the stock and overlook and any strong pullbacks in the uptrend that can  result  in  quick  losses.
The remedy to this conflict is to analyze multiple timeframes together for a more  complete  picture.
A stock in a longer-term uptrend over the last year may be in a downtrend  over the last 2 weeks and may have just begun to turn higher on a shorter-
表B-1说明  之间的关系
时间范围混淆
趋势交易在看到一只股票处于强劲上升趋势时可能看起来很容易。
许多参与者未能理解一只股票可以在不同的时间范围内有多个趋势。 他们只看到股票的长期上升趋势，而忽略了上升趋势中可能导致的  快速亏损的任何强劲回调。
解决这一冲突的方法是分析多个时间段，以获得更全面的图景。
过去一年处于长期上升趋势的股票在过去两周可能处于下降趋势，并且可能 刚刚开始在一个较短的时间框架内转向上涨。
term timeframe.These conflicting trends can create timeframe confusion or an emotionally driven purchase of a stock after a longer-term move is well   underway.The purchase of a stock that has already moved in the near term  makes it more difficult to control risk.
Focus on the Trend,not the Label
The media is always focused on whether we are “in a bull or bear market.”A swing trader's job is to make money regardless of market conditions.While   most stocks will trade in-line with the trends of the overall market,there
are always exceptions.Even in the strongest bull markets there are periods of weeks to months where the overall environment does not favor new
purchases of stocks.
In the "bearish-periods”of a bull market,it doesn't make sense to buy
stocks that are in near-term downtrends.It is better to either stay on the
sidelines in cash and protect your capital or to make tactical short sales.
Just the same,in a bear market,some of the fastest short-term moves occur on the upside.Trading these rallies is a risky strategy and only the most
skilled traders should attempt to take advantage of these countertrend
moves.Whenever atrade is taken against the direction of the primary
trend,it should be done with smaller risk in position size and less overnight exposure.
这些相互冲突的趋势可能导致时间框架混淆，或者在长期趋势已经明 显的情况下因情绪驱动而买入股票。在短期内已经发生波动的股票的 买入使得控制风险更加困难。
关注趋势，而非标签，
媒体总是关注我们是否“处于牛市或熊市”。波段交易者的工作是在  任何市场条件下赚钱。虽然大多数股票会与整体市场的趋势一致交易， 但总有例外。即使在最强劲的牛市中，也有几周到几个月的时间，整  体环境并不利于购买新股票。
在牛市的“熊市时期”,购买处于短期下跌趋势的股票没有意义。 最好要么保持现金在场外保护你的资本，要么进行战术性短卖。同样， 在熊市中，一些最快的短期行情发生在上涨方面。交易这些反弹是一  种高风险策略，只有最熟练的交易者才应该尝试利用这些逆势行情。  每当交易与主要趋势相反时，应该在仓位规模上使用较小的风险，并  减少隔夜敞口。
DAILYThe "sucker rallies"lure  inbuyers as the stock pushesup through the declining  AVWAP after large rallies.Highlighted in red.130.00125.00120.00Feb     ar      Apr    May      n       Jul      Aug      Sep          Oet175.00170.00165.00160.00155.00150.00145.00140.00135.001
DAILY
The "sucker rallies"lure  in
buyers as the stock pushes
up through the declining  AVWAP after large rallies.
Highlighted in red.
130.00
125.00
120.00
Feb     ar      Apr    May      n       Jul      Aug      Sep          Oet
175.00
170.00
165.00
160.00
155.00
150.00
145.00
140.00
135.001
Chart B-2 Daily chart of a stock in a downtrend which finds resistance at the AVWAP. Chart:TC2000.com
175.00170.00165.00DAHIX,16000The  "sucker  rallies"lure  in 买方随着股价上涨穿过下跌AVWAP   在大幅反弹后。 以红色突出显示。145,00140.00135.001130.00125.0020005500
175.00
170.00
165.00
DAHIX,
16000
The  "sucker  rallies"lure  in 买方随着股价上涨
穿过下跌
AVWAP   在大幅反弹后。 以红色突出显示。
145,00
140.00
135.001
130.00
125.00
2000
5500
图B-2下跌趋势中股票的每日图表，在AVWAP处遇到阻力。图表：
TC2000.com
13450134.00 133.50133.001325013200131.50131.00130.50130.00129.50129.00128.50128.00127.50127.00126.50126.00125.50125.0012450124.00123.50123.00L1225012200121.50 121.00120.50120.0017       tSell short as thestock drops back   below AVWAP andmakes a lower low.Anchored VWAPram30 Minute
13450
134.00 133.50
133.00
13250
13200
131.50
131.00
130.50
130.00
129.50
129.00
128.50
128.00
127.50
127.00
126.50
126.00
125.50
125.00
12450
124.00
123.50
123.00L
12250
12200
121.50 121.00
120.50
120.00
17       t
Sell short as the
stock drops back   below AVWAP and
makes a lower low.
Anchored VWAP
ram
30 Minute
Chart  B-330-minute  chart  of  a  stock  that  changes  from  uptrend  to  downtrend.Chart:
TC2000.com
As we know,stocks in downtrends are considered“guilty until proven
innocent,"which means we do not trust the rally attempts.It is common for inexperienced traders to get excited about a large move higher with a stock in a downtrend.These are typically"sucker rallies"as they make a lower-    high in the short-term trend and then roll back over with a new wave of
shares sold by fearful sellers.
13450134.00 133.50133.001325013200131.50131.00130.50130.00129.50129.00128.50128.00127.50127.00做空，当股票回落 .低于AVWAP 和形成一个更低低点。Telegram:122.50 12200121.50 121.00120.50120.00Anchored VWAP30分钟125.00
13450
134.00 133.50
133.00
13250
13200
131.50
131.00
130.50
130.00
129.50
129.00
128.50
128.00
127.50
127.00
做空，当
股票回落 .
低于AVWAP 和
形成一个更低低点。
Telegram:
122.50 12200
121.50 121.00
120.50
120.00
Anchored VWAP
30分钟
125.00
图B-3一只从上升趋势转为下降趋势的股票的30分钟图表。图表：TC2000.com
众所周知，处于下跌趋势的股票被认为是“有罪直到被证明无罪”, 这意味着我们不信任反弹尝试。对于缺乏经验的交易者来说，看到处 于下跌趋势的股票出现大幅上涨而感到兴奋是很常见的。这些通常是 “诱多”行情，因为它们在短期趋势中形成一个较低的高点，然后又 因恐慌性卖盘而回落。
The stock in Chart B-2 experienced several strong rallies in the downtrend. The three highlighted sucker rallies even made it up through the declining AVWAP anchored to the peak,but they failed to break the downward trend.
In Chart B-3,a closer examination on the 30-minute timeframe ofthe last
rally above the AVWAP shows the better trade opportunity was to short the stock at the green highlighted area where the stock made a lower-low
below the AVWAP anchoredto the start ofthe rally.
Price Targets
Once I have determined if it looks like there is potential for profit relative
to the perceivedrisk,I prefer not to stay focused on a price "target,"but to   "listen"to the stock to tell me when to exit.Many people focus too much on  an upside target and tell the market what they want for a profit.As a result, they fail to listen to the message of the market.The market does not honor   target requests and a profitable trade can turn into a loser if we stubbornly  wait for the stock to hit our target.
Once I have determined my risk/reward ratio,my price targets are   "higher"for  longs  and  “Lower”for  shorts.Ourjob  is  to  listen  to  the  market,adjust,and  raise  our  stops  to  protect  our  gains  as  the  price progresses  in the trend.
Multiple Timeframe Analysis
Our analysis should begin with a chart constructed of daily price history for the last year or so.This timeframe is simply to make sure our trade
candidate is in a primary uptrend(for longs)or downtrend(for shorts).We
图表B-2中的股票在下跌趋势中经历了多次强劲反弹。三个被高亮的诱多行 情甚至使其突破了锚定在峰位的下降AVWAP, 但它们未能打破下跌趋势。
在图表B-3中，对最后一个高于AVWAP  的30分钟时间段的更仔细检 查显示，更好的交易机会是在绿色高亮区域做空股票，该区域在
AVWAP  下方形成了一个更低低点，而AVWAP  锚定在涨势的起点。
价格目标
一旦我确定了相对于感知风险是否有盈利潜力，我更倾向于不专注于 一个价格“目标”,而是“倾听”股票告诉我在何时退出。许多人过 于关注一个上行目标，并告诉市场他们想要的利润。结果，他们未能 倾听市场的信息。市场不承认目标请求，如果我们固执地等待股票触 及我们的目标，一个盈利的交易可能会变成亏损。
一旦我确定了风险/回报比率，我的价格目标对多头是“更高”, 对空头是“更低”。我们的任务是倾听市场，调整，并在价格在 趋势中推进时提高止损以保护我们的利润。
多时间框架分析
我们的分析应从过去一年左右的时间构建的每日价格历史图表开始。这个时 间段只是为了确保我们的交易候选者在主要上升趋势(对于多头)或下降趋 势(对于空头)中。我们
want  to  be  sure  there  aren't  any  large  potential  levels  of  Resistance  or Support nearby that might slow or halt the momentum.
Trend Alignment
We want to get involved in the stock as the intermediate-term trend(days to weeks)comes “into alignment”with the longer,more powerful trend.   This approach allows us to enter the longer-term trend as the
intermediate-term trend develops.When the trends of various timeframes move  in  the  same  direction,they  are  “aligned.”The  goal  is  to  find  the  ideal point ofentry,set our initial stop-loss,and then to manage our winners.    Many  of  the  strategies  we  have  explored  are  guided  by  this  very  concept.   The strategies section covered the use of shorter timeframes to fine tune   our   entry   points.
Multiple  timeframe  trend  alignment  gives  us   a  greater  confidence  of  trend continuation  and  that  allows  us  to  be  more  aggressive  in  our  position  size. Determination  of the  size  of  a  trade  is  based  largely  on  where  we  enter  a
trend  and  how  we  can  control  our  perceived  risk.Besides  the  location  of  our trade   entry,other   reasons   to   adjust   position   size   would   include;overall
market conditions,news risk such as upcoming earnings reports or a Fed meeting,and even our own personal well-being.
To become proficient at trend alignment strategies,make it a habit to look   at  stocks  on  multiple  timeframes  to  gain  a  better  comprehension  of  how  the timeframes   flow   together.Observe   how   trends   from   shorter   timeframes
coexist,interact,and build upon,the longer-term market structure.One tenet of technical analysis is,"a trend once established is more likely to
continue than reverse.”The long-term trend is the sum of many shorter-   term trends,therefore,we need to wait for evidence the trends are back in alignment  before  we  get  involved.
想要确保附近没有可能的大型阻力或支撑水平，这些水平可能会减缓或 停止动量。
趋势对齐
我们希望在中期趋势(几天到几周)与长期、更强劲的趋势“对齐”时参 与股票。这种方法允许我们在中期趋势发展时进入长期趋势。当不同时间 框架的趋势朝着同一方向移动时，它们就是“对齐”的。目标是找到理想 的入场点，设置初始止损位，然后管理我们的盈利。我们所探索的许多策 略都受到这一概念的指导。策略部分涵盖了使用较短时间框架来微调我们 的入场点。
多重时间框架趋势对齐让我们对趋势延续有更大的信心，这使我们能 够更激进地调整仓位大小。交易的规模主要基于我们入场趋势的位置 以及我们如何控制感知风险。除了交易入场位置，调整仓位大小的其 他原因还包括：整体市场状况、新闻风险(如即将到来的盈利报告或 美联储会议),甚至我们自己的个人福祉。
要精通趋势对齐策略，养成在多个时间框架下观察股票的习惯，以更   好地理解时间框架如何相互流动。观察较短时间框架的趋势如何共存、 互动和相互构建，形成长期的市场结构。技术分析的一个原则是，
“ 一旦确立的趋势更有可能继续而不是反转。”长期趋势是许多短期 趋势的总和，因此，我们需要等待趋势重新对齐的证据出现，才能参 与其中。
The Longer-Term and the 50-Day Moving Average
“When in doubt,zoom out”
~J.C.Parets
Always be aware of the longer timeframe,even ifyou do not plan to hold a stock for a long while.The longer-term trends should be respected as it
takes a lot ofenergy in the opposite direction to reverse them.Defer to the longer and more powerful trend ifin doubt.If the long-term trend is up,
give the benefit of doubt to the bulls and vice versa.Longer timeframes    offer greater opportunity for profit,while shorter-term timeframes offer the  fastest(more  seductive)opportunity to turn  a  quick profit.
If you cannot find clarity on a longer timeframe,interpret it as the market   telling you to avoid the stock for now.Cash is a position.When uncertainty reigns,cash affords you the objective position to wait for your signals for a low-risk entry.As you get better at timelier entries with multiple
timeframes,your profitability increase,and you will also find satisfaction from not buying a stock that continues lower.
A quick and easy reference point to determine the primary trend is the
slope of the 50-day moving average(“DMA”).If the stock is above a rising 50-DMA,consider it“innocent until proven guilty”and therefore is a
candidate for a long trade.If the stock is below a 50-DMA that is sloped
lower,it is “guilty until proven innocent.”Avoid these latter stocks from
the long side or consider them as a candidate for a short sale.When a stock crosses above and below a flat 50-DMA,it shows us a trendless stock that
offers no advantage for a long or short sale.The message of the market is
clear in these instances,these stocks shouldbe avoided.The direction of
the 50-DMA is an efficient way to be sure we know the trend of the stock on the longer timeframe.
长期趋势与50日移动平均线
“不确定时，缩小范围”
J.C.Parets
始终关注长期周期，即使你并不打算长期持有股票。长期趋势应受到 尊重，因为反向逆转它们需要大量能量。如有疑问，应顺应长期且更 强大的趋势。如果长期趋势向上，则对多头有利，反之亦然。长期周 期提供了更大的盈利机会，而短期周期则提供了最快(更具诱惑力) 的快速盈利机会。
如果你在长期周期上无法找到清晰信号，可以将其理解为市场在告 诉你暂时避免该股票。现金也是一种头寸。当不确定性笼罩时，现 金为你提供了客观的立场，让你等待低风险的入场信号。随着你在 多时间周期下更好地把握入场时机，你的盈利能力将提高，你也会 发现不买入持续下跌的股票带来的满足感。
确定主要趋势的一个快速且简单的参考点是50日移动平均线(“
DMA”)    的斜率。如果股票高于一条上升的50-DMA,   就考虑它
“无罪，直到被证明有罪”,因此是长线交易的候选对象。如果股票  低于一条斜率向下的50-DMA, 它就是“有罪，直到被证明无罪”。  避免从多头方面持有这些后者的股票，或者考虑它们作为卖出候选对  象。当一只股票在一条平坦的50-DMA 上方和下方穿越时，它显示出  一只无趋势的股票，这对长线或短线交易都没有优势。在这些情况下， 市场的信息是明确的，这些股票应该被避免。50-DMA  的方向是一种  有效的方法，可以确保我们知道股票在较长时间框架内的趋势。
All moving averages should be used as a reference point to compare price
trends.They should not be considered as automatic levels to do business
when they are touched,but rather as a reason to observe the price action
on a shorter-term timeframe,where we formulate a plan.We generally give the benefit of doubt to buyers when the 50-DMA trend is higher and to the    sellers when the slope is lower.Note,the charts are for the same stock;on    the left Chart B-4 shows the weekly moving average over a 10-week period,  while Chart B-5 is the 50-day moving average.The increased detail in Chart B-5   arises   from   that    fact   that   there   are    are   five   trade   days   per   week.
WEEKLY CHART10-WEEK MATelegram:   @+rbupuys250.00200.0018041150.00100.00450.00400.00350.00
WEEKLY CHART
10-WEEK MA
Telegram:   @+rbupuys
250.00
200.00
18041
150.00
100.00
450.00
400.00
350.00
Chart B-4 This weekly chart shows the 10-week moving average.Chart:TC2000.com
所有移动平均线都应作为比较价格趋势的参考点使用。当它们被触及 时，不应将其视为自动的交易水平，而应将其视为观察短期时间框架 内价格行动的原因，在那里我们制定计划。当50-DMA 趋势较高时，
我们通常对买家持有利态度，而当斜率较低时，我们对卖家持有利态 度。注意，这些图表是同一只股票的；左侧的图表B-4显示了10周期  的周移动平均线，而图表B-5是50日移动平均线。图表B-5中细节的增 加是由于每周有五个交易日这一事实 。
周线图
10周均线
350.00
@rdupys “Eram:
@rdup
ys “E
250.00
200.00
18041
150.00
100.00
图 表B-4 这张周线图显示了10周移动平均线。图表： TC2000.com
DAILY   CHART50-DAY  MA45000
DAILY   CHART
50-DAY  MA
40000
350.00
100.00
25000
200.00
18041
Chart B-5 The 50-day moving average on this daily chart shows the last four months of
the  data  in  chart  B.4.Chart:TC2000.com
Once we have identified the trend on the daily timeframe,the next step is
to analyze the intermediate-term timeframe for clues of a possible low-risk, high-probability trade  set up.
Intermediate-Term and the 5-Day Moving Average
An intermediate-term timeframe helps us to determine if there is a trade
setting up in a low-risk manner.This timeframe allows us to enter the stock as price momentum comes into alignment with the longer timeframe.For
the intermediate-term trend,I prefer to use a 30-minute timeframe(for a   period of approximately 25-40 days)with a 5-day moving average(5-DMA) as a trend reference point in a similar way to how we use the 50-DMA on a  daily timeframe.
DAILY   CHART50-DAY  MA45000
DAILY   CHART
50-DAY  MA
40000
350.00
100.00
25000
200.60
Chart B-5这张每日图表上的50日移动平均线显示了最后四个月的 数据图像C
ChareTC2o00ceR8)(STOUNBUYS          Bot            
一旦我们在日线图上确定了趋势，下一步就是分析中期时间框架，寻 找可能的低风险、高概率交易机会。
中期时间框架和5日移动平均线
一个中期时间框架帮助我们判断是否以低风险的方式正在建立交易。 这个时间框架允许我们在价格动能与较长时间框架一致时进入股票。 对于中期趋势，我倾向于使用一个30分钟时间框架(大约25-40天的 时间段),并使用5天移动平均线(5-DMA)   作为趋势参考点，就像 我们使用日线图上的50-DMA 一样。
Note:Do not confuse the 5-day moving average with a 5-period moving
average.You cannotjust set the moving average to “5”on any timeframe
and see the 5-DMA.It is a 5-DMA only when the chart is constructed of daily candles.The only time you will observe a true 5-DMA on a daily timeframe   is when the market is closed;prior to the close it will only be four full days   plus whatever part of the day has elapsed since the open.To compensate
for this,I never look at the 5-DMA on a daily timeframe,only on shorter (intraday)timeframes.Here is how we accomplish this.
60DAILY585.0590.05 . 国0 的17国5m5润5400555.的 550.054.间15-Minute130 Periods65-Minute30  Periods520.0080.00600.00990.005  Periodsssca378.00610.00410.00550.2057mu.a0
60
DAILY
585.0
590.0
5 . 国
0 的
17国
5m
5润
5400
555.的 550.0
54.间
15-Minute
130 Periods
65-Minute
30  Periods
520.00
80.00
600.00
990.00
5  Periods
s
sca
378.00
610.00
410.00
550.20
57mu.a0
Charts   B-6    The    daily,65-minute   and    15-minute    timeframes    all    show   the    5-day    moving
average.Charts:TradingView.com
Notice that the location of the moving average for the same stock on
different timeframes is in the same location and has the same slope.We
want to keep our analysis consistent across various timeframes,so we
convert the daily moving average to intraday timeframes with this handy
table(B-7).
As noted earlier in the chapter,the market is open 390 minutes per day.
Over five days it is open for 1,950 minutes.For example,if we look at the
market on a 65-minute timeframe,that means we want to use a 30-period    moving average to replicate the average over the last 5 days(1,950 minutes
注意：不要将5天移动平均线与5周期移动平均线混淆。你无法在任何时间框 架上将移动平均线设置为“5”并看到5-DMA。只有当图表由日线蜡烛图构 成时，它才是5-DMA。只有在市场关闭时，你才会观察到日线图上的真正  5-DMA;  收盘前，它只会是四个完整的工作日加上自开盘以来已经过去的  那部分时间。为了弥补这一点，我从不查看日线图上的5-DMA,  只在较短  (日内)时间框架上查看。这就是我们实现这一目标的方法。
6000DA5M国520.0065分钟                       15分钟a是$58       péridas       iia'130°Periods5renade leg55.0
6000
DA
5M国
520.00
65分钟                       15分钟
a是
$58       péridas       iia'
130°Periods
5renade leg
55.0
图 表B-6  日内、65分钟和15分钟时间框架均显示5日移动平均线。图表：
TradingView.com
请注意，同一股票在不同时间框架上的移动平均线位置相同且斜率相同。 我们希望在不同时间框架上保持分析的一致性，因此使用这个方便的表格 (B-7)      将 日 移 动 平 均 线 转 换 为 日 内 时 间 框 架 。
如本章前面所述，市场每天开放390分钟。五天内开放时间为1,950分 钟。例如，如果我们查看一个65分钟时间框架的市场，这意味着我们 需要使用一个30期移动平均线来复制过去5天(1,950分钟)的平均值
per day/our 30-minute timeframe=65 periods).On a 15-minute timeframe, the 5-DMA is represented by 130 periods(1950/15=130).A little bit of
simple math allows us to keep consistency of our analysis in relation to 5-
DMA on various timeframes.
Timeframe           #of         5-DMA
Candles/Day Equivalent
195
2
10
130
3
15
78
5
25
65
6
30
39
10
50
30
13
15
26
130
10
39
195
5
78
390
Table B-7 shows  the  correct
number of periods to use to
establish the 5-DMA on
intraday    timeframes.
Combine Timeframes for Longs
The breakdown below outlines how we want to analyze the intermediate-    term trends to plan our trade.When a stock is in a longer-term uptrend,we then   look   to   a   shorter   timeframe   for   trend   alignment.
每天/我们的30分钟时间框架   期)。在15分钟时间框架上，
5-DMA表示为130期(1950/     ) 。一些简单的数学计算使我们 能够在不同的时间框架上与5-DMA 保持分析的一致性。
5-DMA时间周期
5-DMA
蜡烛/天等效
I
■
■
I
■
■
I
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
I
■
■
表B-7 显示了在日内时间  周期上建立5-DMA应使用 的正确周期数。
/S  Bot
为多头组合时间周期
下方的分解概述了我们如何分析中期趋势以规划我们的交易。当一只股票处 于长期上升趋势中时，我们会转向较短的时间框架来寻找趋势一致性。
Stage    1     Accumulation.This is where we plan our trades.We observe,  analyze,and   ANTICIPATE   the   point   where   buyers   will   take    control.This    is the time to assess our price objectives and stop levels to determine our
plan of action for when the stock gives us a reason to get involved.This is  when we want to answer;where has the stock come from and where it has the potential to go?Then we can determine if there is a sufficient
risk/reward ratio setting up tojustify the purchase of a new long trade.If the 5-DMA is in decline,or beginning to flatten out,that is a clue to leave   our activities to analysis and not take action at this stage.
Stage     2      Markup(Uptrend).As the stock makes a short-term higher-
high,which is in alignment with the longer-term uptrend,we want to buy the   stock.This   is   when   we   PARTICIPATE   in   what   appears   to  be   a
continuation of the uptrend on the longer-term timeframe.Stage 2 is also   where we manage our winners by raising the stop tojust under successive higher-lows as the stock rallies.This is the fun part.The 5-DMA should be   flat or starting to advance at this stage.We generally want to buy the stock as it makes it's first higher-high on this timeframe.
第一阶段：积累。这是我们规划交易的地方。我们观察、分析并预  期买方将掌控市场的时刻。这是评估我们的价格目标和止损位，以 确定当股票给我们参与的理由时我们的行动计划的时候。这时我们 需要回答：股票来自何方，以及它有潜力去哪里?然后我们可以确 定是否存在足够的风险/回报比来证明建立新的多头交易的合理性。 如果5-DMA正在下降，或者开始变得平缓，那是一个线索，提示我 们暂时将活动留给分析，而不是在这个阶段采取行动。
阶段2标记(上升趋势)。当股票形成一个短期更高高点，且与长
期上升趋势一致时，我们想要买入该股票。这是我们参与看似是长期 时间框架上上升趋势延续的时候。阶段2也是我们通过将止损位提
高到连续更高低点下方来管理盈利的时候。当股票上涨时。这是有趣 的部分。5日均线在这一阶段应该是平缓的或开始上涨。我们通常希 望在它在这一时间框架上形成第一个更高高点时买入该股票。
DAILYSTAGE 2 UPTRENDSep                          Oct                       Nov700.00690.00680.00670.00660.00650.00640.00630.00620.00610.00600.00590.00580.00570.00560.00550.00541.06530.005 20.00510.00
DAILY
STAGE 2 UPTREND
Sep                          Oct                       Nov
700.00
690.00
680.00
670.00
660.00
650.00
640.00
630.00
620.00
610.00
600.00
590.00
580.00
570.00
560.00
550.00
541.06
530.00
5 20.00
510.00
Chart B-8 Shows the daily chart in an uptrend.Chart:TC2000.com
Stage  3  Distribution.This is when the stock shows signs offatigue and   may precede a price pullback,or it may need a “correction through time.” This is a good point to EXIT the position,or at least sell some to lock in
partial  profits,and  tighten  the  stop  on  the  balance,rather  than  continue  to expose our capital to risk.The angle of ascent of the 5-DMA will slow down   or  begin  to  turn  sideways  at  this  point.
DAILYSTAGE2 UPTRENDSep                          Oct                       Nov700.00690.00680.00670.00660.00650.00640.00630.00620.00610.00600.00590.00580.00570.00560.00550.00541.06530.005 20.00510.00Aug
DAILY
STAGE2 UPTREND
Sep                          Oct                       Nov
700.00
690.00
680.00
670.00
660.00
650.00
640.00
630.00
620.00
610.00
600.00
590.00
580.00
570.00
560.00
550.00
541.06
530.00
5 20.00
510.00
Aug
图表B-8 显示了处于上升趋势的日图。图表：TC2000.com
阶段3分配。这是当股票显示出疲态并可能预示着价格回调，或者它 可能需要“通过时间进行修正”的时候。这是一个退出头寸的好点， 或者至少卖掉一些以锁定部分利润，并收紧剩余头寸的止损位，而不 是继续让我们的资本暴露于风险中。5日均线的上升角度在这一点会 放缓或开始走平。
40000650069000685006C0067500670006450060CD0655005006300067 500630006650060000550059000M500SCD05730057LD056500500005550055C0054500eledram :59000Stage 1-AnticipateStage   2- Participate(Buy) Stage    3- Exit     LongStage    4-Avoid65-MINUTEwith    Substages5200052500Scm.M
40000
6500
69000
68500
6C00
67500
67000
64500
60CD0
65500
500
63000
67 500
63000
66500
60000
5500
59000
M500
SCD0
57300
57LD0
56500
50000
55500
55C00
54500
eledram :
59000
Stage 1-Anticipate
Stage   2- Participate(Buy) Stage    3- Exit     Long
Stage    4-Avoid
65-MINUTE
with    Substages
52000
52500
Scm.
M
Chart B-9 The same chart as B-8 is shown on a 65-minute timeframe to show the sub-
stages   of  the   uptrend.Chart:TC2000.com
Stage 4 Decline(Downtrend).Once the definition of a trend(higher-
highs and higher-lows)no longer exists on the timeframe when we entered the stock,there is no reason for a swing trader to continue to hold.When
the primary trend is higher,it is likely that the breakdown of price into an intermediate-term downtrend is the start of a pullback,not a longer-term  reversal.This means that the odds do not favor profitable short sales.It is  better to AVOID these stocks and look for better setups elsewhere.
In Chart B-8 we see the daily chart(with 50-DMA)and in Chart B-9 the
same data on a 65-minute timeframe(with 5-Day/30-Period MA).It should
4R0000650069000685006C067500670006450060CD06550050064500640006300067 50067500630006650060000550059000M500SCD05730057LD056500500005550055C0054500535005200052500Scm.59000Stage        1- 预 期阶 段 2 - 参 与 ( 买 入 ) ,Stage   3- 退 出 多 头 _阶 段 4 - 避 免Teledram  :带子阶段65-MINUTE
4R0000
6500
69000
68500
6C0
67500
67000
64500
60CD0
65500
500
64500
64000
63000
67 500
67500
63000
66500
60000
5500
59000
M500
SCD0
57300
57LD0
56500
50000
55500
55C00
54500
53500
52000
52500
Scm.
59000
Stage        1- 预 期
阶 段 2 - 参 与 ( 买 入 ) ,
Stage   3- 退 出 多 头 _
阶 段 4 - 避 免
Teledram  :
带子阶段
65-MINUTE
图表B-9 在65分钟时间框架上显示了与 B-8相同的图表，以展示上涨趋势的子阶段。图表：
TC2000.com
阶段4下跌(下跌趋势)。一旦我们进入股票时的时间框架上不再存 在趋势的定义(更高的高点和高低点),就没有理由让摆动交易者继 续持有。当主要趋势向上时，价格分解为中期下跌趋势很可能是回调 的开始，而不是长期反转的开始。这意味着机会并不倾向于盈利的短 线卖出。最好避免这些股票，并在其他地方寻找更好的设置。
在图表B-8中我们看到日线图(50-DMA),    而在图表B-9中，相同的数据以65
分钟时间为单位(5天/30周期MA)。  应 该
be easy to see why the use of more than one timeframe allows us much
greater  accuracy to  determine  where the trend  of the  daily  and  intraday
timeframes  become   aligned.The  numbers   on  the   chart(B-9)are  the
shorter-term  trend.Notice  on  the  65-minute  timeframe,substages  can  be   skipped by the stock,we always give the benefit of the doubt to the longer- term   timeframe.
Combine Timeframes for Shorts
The approach to short sales is the exact opposite.We start with a  Stage 4 (Decline)stock  on  the  daily  timeframe  and  then  look  to  the  intermediate- term timeframe in this way:
Stage     1      Accumulation.This  is where we  exit  our  short  sale trades.This   is when the stock shows signs of fatigue.It may precede a price bounce,or it may need a “correction through time.”This is a good point to EXIT the
position or at least buy some back to lock in partial profits and tighten the  stop  on  the  balance,rather  than  continue  to  expose  our  capital  to  risk.The angle of descent of the 5-DMA will slow down or begin to turn sideways at    this  time.
Stage      2       Markup(Uptrend).Once  the  definition  of  a  trend(lower-highs and  lower-lows)no  longer  exists  on  the  timeframe  we  entered  the  stock,
there is no reason for a swing trader to continue to be short.When the
primary trend is lower,it is likely that the breakout of price into an
intermediate  term  uptrend  is  the  beginning  of  a  bounce,not  a  longer-term  reversal.This means the  odds  do  not  favor  profitable  short  sales.It  is  better to AVOID these stocks and look for better setups where trends are coming    into  alignment  on  the  downside.
很容易看出为什么使用多个时间单位能让我们更准确地确定日线图
和日内时间单位的趋势何时一致。图表 (B-9) 上的数字是短期趋势。 注意在65分钟时间单位上，股票可以跳过子阶段，我们总是倾向于   相信长期时间单位。
合并短期时间段
短期卖出的方法正好相反。我们从日线图上的阶段4(衰退)股票 开始，然后以这种方式查看中期时间段：
阶段1积累。这是我们退出短期卖出交易的地方。这是股票显示出疲态的时候。 它可能预示着价格反弹，或者它可能需要“通过时间进行修正”。这是一个   退出头寸或至少买回一些以锁定部分利润并收紧余额止损的好时机，而不是   继续让我们的资本暴露于风险中。此时，5-DMA的下降角度将放缓或开始走   平。
阶段2标记(上升趋势)。 一旦我们进入的股票的时间框架上不再存   在趋势(低高点和小低点)的定义，那么就没有理由让波段交易者继   续做空。当主要趋势向下时，价格突破到中期上升趋势中很可能只是   反弹的开始，而不是长期反转。这意味着盈利做空的机会不大。最好   避开这些股票，寻找更好的设置，在这些设置中，趋势正在向下趋同。
Stage    3    Distribution. This is when the stock shows signs of fatigue and
may precede a price decline.In the short-term stage 3,we observe,analyze, and   ANTICIPATE    the    point   where    sellers    willtake    control.This   is   the    time
to assess our price objectives and stop levels to determine our plan of    action when the stock gives us a reason to get involved.This is when we want to be sure we have answered;where has the stock come from and  where it has the potential to go?We can then determine ifthere is
sufficient risk/reward ratio setting up tojustify a short sale trade.
Stage     4     Decline(Downtrend).As the stock makes a short-term lower-  low,which is in alignment with the longer-term down-trend,we want to    sell   the   stock   short.This   is   when   we   PARTICIPATE   in   what   appears   to   be   a continuation of the downtrend on the longer-term timeframe.Stage 4 is
also where we manage our winners by lowering the stopjust above successive lower highs as the stock declines.This is the fun part.
The 5-DMA should be flat or starting to decline at the start of this stage and we generally want to short the stockas it makes its first lower-low on this   timeframe.
阶段3分配。这时股票显示出疲态，并可能预示着价格下跌。在短期  阶段3,我们观察、分析和预期卖家将掌控局面的时刻。这时我们需   要评估我们的价格目标和止损位，以确定当股票给我们参与的理由时  我们的行动计划。这时我们需要确保我们已经回答了：股票来自何方， 以及它有可能去哪里?然后我们可以确定是否存在足够的风险/回报
比来证明做空交易的合理性。
阶段4下跌(下跌趋势)。当股票形成一个短期更低低点，且与长期 下跌趋势一致时，我们想做空该股票。这是当我们参与看似是长期  时间框架下跌趋势延续的阶段。阶段4也是我们通过将止损位设置在 连续更低高点之上来管理盈利的时候。这是有趣的部分。
在进入这个阶段时，5-DMA 应该保持水平或开始下跌，我们通常希 望在它在这个时间框架上形成第一个更低低点时做空该股票。
DAILYSTAGE 4   DECLINEram :295.00290.00285.00280.00275.00270.00265.00260.00255.00250.00245.00240.00235.00230.00225.00220.00215.00210.00205.00200.00 195.00190.00185.00 180.00 175.00
DAILY
STAGE 4   DECLINE
ram :
295.00
290.00
285.00
280.00
275.00
270.00
265.00
260.00
255.00
250.00
245.00
240.00
235.00
230.00
225.00
220.00
215.00
210.00
205.00
200.00 195.00
190.00
185.00 180.00 175.00
Chart B-10 Shows the daily chart in a downtrend.Chart:TC2000.com
295.00290.00285.00280.00275.00270.00265.00260.00255.00250.00245.00240.00235.00225.00220.00215.00210.00205.00 200.00195.00190.00185.00180.00175.00DAILY
295.00
290.00
285.00
280.00
275.00
270.00
265.00
260.00
255.00
250.00
245.00
240.00
235.00
225.00
220.00
215.00
210.00
205.00 200.00
195.00
190.00
185.00
180.00
175.00
STAGE 4 DECLINE
Telegram:    @G
图表B-10显示日线图处于下跌趋势。图表： TC2000.com
“30500300002950065-MINUTEwith Substages285002800027500270002650026000255.00250.002450024000235002300022500Stage 1- Exit ShortsStage 2-AvoidStage 3-AnticipateStage 4-Participate  (Short)20000195.0019000150018000175.00220.002 15.002129000
“30500
30000
29500
65-MINUTE
with Substages
28500
28000
27500
27000
26500
26000
255.00
250.00
24500
24000
23500
23000
22500
Stage 1- Exit Shorts
Stage 2-Avoid
Stage 3-Anticipate
Stage 4-Participate  (Short)
20000
195.00
19000
1500
18000
175.00
220.00
2 15.00
21
29000
Chart B-11 The same chart as B-10 is shown on a65-minute timeframe to show the
sub-stages   of   the   downtrend.Chart:TC2000.com
When the primary trend on the daily timeframe is lower,we avoid longs
and consider short sales.The 65-minute chart on the right shows us the
various action points we want to take based on the sub-stages.We want to
participate in short sales when the shorter-term trends are aligned with
the      longer-term      trend.
“30500300002950065-MINUTE带子阶段285002800027500270002650026000255.00250.002450024000235002300022500Stage 1-退出短片 阶段2-避免Stage    3-预 期 .阶段4-参与(短)20000195.0019000150018000175.00210 II220.002 15.0029000
“30500
30000
29500
65-MINUTE
带子阶段
28500
28000
27500
27000
26500
26000
255.00
250.00
24500
24000
23500
23000
22500
Stage 1-退出短片 阶段2-避免
Stage    3-预 期 .
阶段4-参与(短)
20000
195.00
19000
1500
18000
175.00
210 II
220.00
2 15.00
29000
图B-11 在65分钟时间框架上显示了与B-10 相同的图表，以展示下跌趋势的子阶 段。图表：TC2000.com
当日线图上的主要趋势较低时，我们避免做多并考虑做空。右侧的 65分钟图显示了我们在子阶段中想要采取的各种行动点。当短期趋 势与长期趋势一致时 ， 我们希望参与做空 。
Steps for Multiple Timeframe Analysis                                                      多时间框架分析步骤
1.Identify the stock as a long or short candidate with the daily
timeframe.Do not fight the direction of the 50-day moving average.
2.Consult  the  intermediate-term  timeframe  to  establish  whether  the
potential profit is worth the perceived risk.Do not fight the direction of the 5-day moving average.
3.  Consult a shorter timeframe to fine tune the entry.
Multiple Timeframe Analysis Checklist
·Be aware of the trends on multiple timeframes.
·Are the trends aligned or do they show confusion?
·How do timeframes fit together,or do they diverge?
·The greater the number of timeframes you study to confirm the trend,the greater the probability that your trade will succeed.
·Price  action that moves  against the larger timeframe tends to reverse back into alignment.
·Use a minimum of three different timeframes for analysis.
There is a tendency for traders to feel as if they must be continually
engaged in an active position,but when there are mixed trend signals
across various timeframes,it is best to have a more cautious stance until trends align and show lower-risk entries.Cash is a position.
1.使用日线图识别股票是做多候选还是做空候选。不要与50日移动平 均线的方向作对。
2.咨询中期时间框架，以确定潜在利润是否值得所感知的风险。 不要与5日移动平均线的方向作对。
3.咨询较短时间框架以微调入场。
多时间框架分析检查清单
*注意多个时间框架上的趋势。
*趋势是否一致，还是显示出混乱?
*时间框架如何契合，或者它们是否背离?
*—你研究的时间框架越多，用来确认趋势，你的交易成功的可 能性就越大。
*价格走势若与较长的时间框架相悖，往往会反转至一致。
*至少使用三个不同的时间框架进行分析。
交易者有一种倾向，感觉必须持续保持活跃仓位，但当不同时间框 架出现混合趋势信号时，最好保持更谨慎的态度，直到趋势一致并 显示出较低风险的入场点。现金也是一种仓位。
Timeframe   Transition                                                                            时间框架转换
Common wisdom says to stick to the timeframe you intended at the onset of your trade,and  for  good  reason.All  too  often,short-term  traders  will  find  a   reason  tojustify  hanging  onto  an  unprofitable  trade  longer  than  originally   planned.Similarly,someone who  intends  to  hold  a  stock  for  the  long-term
should fight the urge to take a quick profit.
The only time you should allow a short-term trade to be transitioned to a
longer timeframe is if the stock is in a profitable position and you can still
manage risk for the trade.It is acceptable to  start  a trade as a day trade,and when the stock moves in your favor,take some of the risk off with the sale
of a piece ofit and then hold the balance for gains into the next day or
coming  days.For  a  longer-term  investor,the  only  reason  to  cut  the  trade early is to protect  capital ifthe  story has  changed  or  ifthe  stop-loss  is
violated.
The decision to hold longer than expected should be made from a position of strength,not  weakness.We  always  want  to  protect  capital  first  and  then
maximize the gains if the market allows it.
It is said that bulls and bears make money and pigs get slaughtered.I have updated  that  phrase  to;“Bulls  and  bears  make  money,greedy  pigs  get
slaughtered,and  disciplined  pigs  get  rich.”Ifyour  goal  is  large  gains,do  it in a disciplined way.
“Simplicity    is    the    ultimate
sophistication.”
-Leonardo    da    Vinci
普遍的观点是说要坚持在交易开始时你打算的时间框架，这是有充分 理由的。短期的交易者往往会发现一个理由来证明他们应该比原计划 更长时间地持有亏损交易。类似地，打算长期持有股票的人应该抵制 快速获利冲动。
只有在股票处于盈利位置且你仍能管理交易风险时，才应该允许短期 交易过渡到更长的时间周期。可以以日内交易的方式开始交易，当股 票走势有利时，通过出售部分头寸来降低风险，然后持有剩余部分以 获取次日或未来几日的收益。对于长期投资者而言，提前平仓的唯一 理由是如果市场情况发生变化或止损被触发，以保护资本。
决定持有时间超出预期应该基于强势而非弱势。我们始终要优先保护 资本，如果市场允许，再最大化收益。
据说牛熊赚钱，猪被宰割。我更新了这个说法为：  “牛熊赚钱，贪 婪的猪被宰割，自律的猪变富。”如果你追求大幅收益，就要以自 律的方式去做。
“简单即是终极的复杂。”
-列奥纳多 ·达 ·芬奇
APPENDIX C:
SOURCES FOR
ANCHORED VWAP ON CHARTS
As of the first publication date for this book and to my knowledge,this list of sources   is   comprehensive.
Fidelity Active Trader Pro www.fidelity.com
Optuma www.optuma.com
Quantower www.quantower.com
附录 C: 图表上锚 定 VWAP  的来源
截至本书首次出版日期，据我所知，这份资料来源列表是全面的。
Fidelity Active Trader Pro www.fidelity.com
Optuma www.optuma.com
Quantower www.quantower.com
StockCharts www.stockcharts.com
TC2000     www.tc2000.com
Tradytics        www.tradytics.com
Trade-Ideas www.trade-ideas.com
TradingView         www.tradingview.com
Trendspider www.trendspider.com
Wealth Charts www.wealthcharts.com
Yahoo Finance www.finance.yahoo.com
These following platforms below do not have the full“point and click
anchor”AVWAP ability but there may be third party apps you can find on Google to make the anchoring easier.
Chartmill www.chartmill.com
Ninja Trader www.ninjatrader.com
Think or Swim from www.tdameritrade.com
Tradovate www.tradovate.com
StockCharts www.stockcharts.com
TC2000 www.tc2000.com
Tradytics www.tradytics.com
Trade-Ideas    www.trade-ideas.com
TradingView   www.tradingview.com
TrendSpider     www.trendspider.com
Wealth   Charts   www.wealthcharts.com
Yahoo  Finance  www.finance.yahoo.com
以下这些平台没有完整的，“点击锚点”AVWAP  功能，但您可以 在Google  上找到第三方应用程序来简化锚点设置。
Chartmill   www.chartmill.com
Ninja   Trader  www.ninjatrader.com
Think or Swim来自www.tdameritrade.com
Tradovate     www.tradovate.com
GLOSSARY
TERM                                          MEANING  IN THIS BOOK
Anchor Point
Anchored Volume Weighted Average Price(AVWAP)
Bear(Bearish)Market
Bounce
Breakdown
Breakout
The start of a new AVWAP/VWAP.Common anchor points can be from;swing highs and lows,new time periods(day, week,month,year,etc),earnings         reports,gaps,large
volume levels,etc.VWAP anchor is always and only at the start of the day.
The AVWAP is the same as the VWAP except that the
calculation of the start point (the anchor)is set by the user at a specific meaningful point,not at the start of the new
day.
A market environment in general decline over a period of time.
Refers to a short-term rally in a downtrend.
When a stock price drops below a level of prior support and sellers take control of the trend.
When a stock price climbs above a level of prior resistance and the buyers take control of the trend.
GLOSSARY
锚点
锚定成交量加权平 均价(AVWAP)
熊市(看跌)
反弹
故障
分解
本书中的含义
AVWAP/VWAP    的新开始。常见的锚点
可以来自；波动高点和高低点，新的时间段(天、.
周、月、年等),盈利报告，缺口，大成交量水平等。VWAP  锚点始终且仅位于 音量水平等。VWAP 锚点始终且仅位于
丫一天的开始。
AVWAP  与 VWAP  相同，只是起始点(锚点)的计算由 用户在某个有意义的特定点上设置，而不是在新一天的  开始。
一段时间内市场总体呈下降趋势的环境。
指在下跌趋势中的短期反弹。
指股票价格跌破前期支撑位，卖方掌控趋势。
指股票价格突破前期阻力位，买方掌控趋势。
Bull (Bullish)Market
Candle
Chase
Cheat Entry
Choppy   Market Conditions
Consolidation
Dark  Pools
Dollar Cost Average (DCA)
DMA-Day    Moving Average
Downtrend
Earnings   Season
A market environment in a general advance over a period of time.
A style of a financial chart that represents the open and close  in  the body  and  the  low  and  high  in  the  “wicks.”
To enter a stock after a large move has already occurred and  the   stock  is   already  extended  from  a  low-risk   entry   point.
To enter a trade before all the rules of your strategy have lined-up    properly.
A  market  where  prices  rise  and  fall  for  a  period  of time that   makes   them   higher-risk   trade   candidates.
A  period  of  sideways  price  movement  that  occurs  after  a
trend.    
Private exchanges where stock transactions occur and are not  immediately  viewable  by  the  public.
When  you  invest  a  fixed  amount  of  money  on  a  regular time interval.
The  average  of the  daily  close  price  of a  stock  over  a
certain   number   of   days.It“moves”as   each   new   day   is
added  and  the  oldest  day  is  dropped  off  of  the  calculation.
When a market is in a downtrend,it makes a series of lower-highs   and   lower-lows   for   the   timeframe  being    studied.
The  four  times  per  year  when  earnings  are  released.It  is typically  the  2-6  week  period  after  the  end  of  companies'  fiscal        quarters,December,March,June,and         September.
牛市(Bullish)  市场
K线
追逐
作 弊 入 场 .
波动市场 条件
合并
暗池
美元成本平均法 (DCA)
DMA-  日移动平均
下跌趋势
盈利季节
一种在一段时间内总体呈上升趋势的市场环境。
一种表示金融图表的风格，在实体中显示开盘价和收盘价， 在“烛芯”中显示低点和高点。
在大幅波动已经发生且股票价格已经从低风险入场点大幅拉 升后入场。
在您的策略的所有规则尚未完全对齐之前入场交易。
一个价格在一段时间内波动，使其成为高风险交易候选的 市场。
在趋势之后发生的.
趋 势 。
私人交易所，股票交易在此发生且不会被公众立即看到。
当您定期以固定金额投资时。
某只股票在一定天数内的每日收盘价的平均值。它随   着每天新数据的加入而“移动”,并丢弃最旧的数据。
当市场处于下跌趋势时，它会在所研究的时间段内 形成一系列更低的高点和更低的低点。
一年中四次发布财报的时间。通常在公司财季结束后2-6周内 发布，即12月、3月、6月和9月。
Edge
Exchange  Traded  Fund (ETF)
Exit
Extended   Hours Trading
The  Federal  Open    Market     Committee
(FOMC)
Fear Of Missing Out (“FOMO”)
Fractal
Front  Run
Gap
Types of Gaps:
Breakaway Gap
An  approach  that  gives  a  market  participant  a  real  or percieved   advantage   over   other   participants.
Combines  the   diversification  benefits   of  a   mutual   fund,but trades  in  real-time   like  an  individual  stock  on  an  exchange.
To  close  out  a position,to  sell  a  long  stock  or  to  cover  a short    position.
Trading  that  occurs  outside  of  the   regular  trading  hours.
A  committee  within  the  Federal  Reserve  System  charged    with  making  decisions  about  interest  rates  and  the  growth of the  US  money  supply.
The  feeling  you  will  miss  out  on  a  great  opportunity  that other  people  are  involved  in.FOMO  is  often  the  trigger  to make  poor  trade  decisions.
Patterns   that   repeat   at   different   scales.In   the   stock market,it   is  the  repetition   of  patterns   on   different   timeframes   and    for   different   assets.
To  enter  a  trade  in  advance  of  non-public  knowledge  of  a large  transaction  that  might  influence  the  price  of  the
stock.
A  gap  represents   a  sudden  shift  in  the   stock's  valuation that  leaves  an  area  on  the  chart  without  any  trade
activity.
A  breakaway  gap  occurs  when  a  stock  breaks  free  of  a  longer-term   consolidation(Stage   1   or   3),usually   with   a large   increase   in   volume.
交易所交易基金( ETF)
延长交易时间
联邦公开市场委员 会 (FOMC)
错失恐惧(“ FOMO”)
分形
抢跑
缺口类型：突
破缺口
一种给予市场参与者相对于其他参与者实际或感知优势 的方法。
结合了共同基金分散化优势，但像交易所上的个股一样实时交 t 易。
了结头寸，卖出多头股票或平仓空头头寸。
在常规交易时间之外发生的交易。
联邦储备系统内负责决定利率和美国货币供应增长的委 员会。
你会错失的感觉——其他人在参与的一个绝佳机会。错   失恐惧症(FOMO)  往往是导致糟糕交易决策的触发因素。
在不同尺度上重复的模式。在股票市场中，它是 指在不同时间框架和不同资产上的模式重复。
在非公开的大交易可能影响股价之前，提前进行交易。
缺口代表股票估值突然变化，导致图表上出现没有交 易活动的区域。
突破缺口发生在股票突破长期盘整(阶段1或3)时， 通常伴随着成交量的大幅增加。
Continuation Gap
Exhaustion Gap
Gap Down
Gap Up
Handoff
Hedge(Hedging)
Hypothecation
Interday
Intraday
Exhaustion Gap
A continuation gap is also known as a running or
measuring  gap.We  find  these  gaps  in  stocks  where  there   is an established trend that likely began with a breakaway gap.Because  the  trend  already  exists,these  gaps
represent  a  continuation,and  often  an  acceleration,of  the trend.
Exhaustion  gaps  occur near the  end  of a major trend.The stock will reverse the direction of the gap and close at the extreme    lower-end.
A gap down occurs when the daily open price is lower than the  previous  day's  close.
A gap up occurs when the daily open price is higher than the  previous  day's  close.
The placement of a new anchor points to establish a new AVWAP is to measure the acceleration of a trend.
The use of one financial product to reduce the risk of the price  movement  of  a  related  transaction.
Use of an asset as collateral in exchange for a stock loan.A hypothecation  agreement  pledges  a  customer's  securities    that were purchased  on margin  as  collateral  for  the  loan.
A trade that is held through the close of the market day and  held  overnight,and  possibly  longer.
A trade taken after the market opens and is exited before the close on the same day.
Exhaustion  gaps  occur near the  end  of a major trend.The stock will reverse the direction of the gap and close at the
延续缺口
耗尽缺口
向下缺口
向上缺口
交接
对冲(对冲)
抵押权
日 内
日内
竭尽缺口
一个持续缺口也被称为运行或
测量缺口。我们在股票中找到这些缺口，其中 是一种已经形成的趋势，可能始于一次突破
缺口。由于趋势已经存在，这些缺口
代表趋势的延续，并且通常是趋势的加速
o
竭尽缺口发生在主要趋势的末期。该
股票将反转缺口的方向并在缺口处收盘 极低端。
当每日开盘价低于
前一天的收盘价时，会发生向下跳 空 。
当每日开盘价高于
前一天的收盘价时，会发生向上跳空。
新锚点的放置指向建立一个新的  AVWAP   用于衡量趋势的加速度。
使用一种金融产品来降低相关交易的 价格变动风险。
将一项资产作为抵押品换取股票贷款。一项 质押协议将客户的证券.
作为保证金购买作为贷款的抵押品。
一个在市场交易日结束时持有的交易 并持有过夜，并且可能更长时间。
一个在市场开盘后进行的交易，并在同一天收盘前退出 当日收盘。
耗尽缺口发生在主要趋势的末期。股票将反转缺口的方向并在 缺口处收盘。                    
extreme    lower-end.
Gap Down                              A gap  down occurs when the daily open price is lower than
the previous  day's  close.
Gap Up                                 A  gap up  occurs when the daily open price is higher than
the previous  day's  close.
Handoff                               The placement  of a new anchor points to establish a new
AVWAP is to measure the acceleration of a trend.
Hedge(Hedging)                 The use  of one  financial product to reduce the risk of the
price  movement  of  a  related  transaction.
Hypothecation                    Use  of an  asset as collateral in exchange for a  stock loan.A
hypothecation  agreement  pledges   a  customer's  securities that were purchased  on margin  as  collateral  for  the  loan.
Interday
and  held  overnight,and  possibly  longer.
Intraday
Initial  Public  Offering (IPO)
Level of Interest
Limit Order
A trade taken after the market opens and is exited before the close on the same day.
The process where a private company  first  sells  shares to the public to raise capital.It is the first time the public can own a share of the company.
An area on a chart worth paying attention to and studying on a shorter timeframe to look for evidence of a possible
turn  in  momentum  or  entry  or  exit  point.
A type of order to buy or sell a stock at a specific price or better.
向下跳空
向上跳空
转手
对冲(对冲)
抵押
日 内
日 内
首次公开募股
(IPO)
兴趣水平
限价单
极端低端。
当每日开盘价低于
前一天的收盘价时，会发生缺口下 移  。
当每日开盘价高于
前一天的收盘价时，会发生缺口上 移 。
新锚点的位置是为了建立一个新的 AVWAP,    以衡量趋势的加速度。
使用一种金融产品来降低相关交易的 价格波动风险。
将一项资产作为抵押品换取股票贷款。质权协议将客户 购买的保证金证券作为贷款的抵押品。
一项在市场交易日结束时持有并通过，并可能过夜持有的交易。 和更长时间。
一项在市场开盘后进行并在同一天收盘前平仓的交易。
一家私营公司首次向公众出售股票以筹集资本的过程。 这是公众首次能够拥有公司股份的时刻。
图表上值得关注和研究的一个区域，在较短的时间框架 内寻找可能的动量反转或入场或出场点的证据。
一种在特定价格或更好的价格买入或卖出股票的指令。 更好。
Long  Position
Margin Call
Market Impact Cost
Market  Maker
Momentum Trade
Only Price Pays
Pinch
Pullback
R-Multiple
Regular Trade Hours (RTH)
Resistance
A  trader  or  investor  owns  a  financial  position  they  expect to  increase   in   value.
A  shortfall in trader equity may require the customer to    put up additional funds or close positions to reduce losses.
The effect a buyer or seller has on the price of the market where  they  are  involved.
A securities dealer who commits to buy or sell at specified times  and  prices.
A strategy that capitalizes on making money trading stocks in  an  established  trend.
We trade to make money.Price is the objective
measurement  of  success.Price  action  receives  the  most
attention  in  technical  analysis.Price  is  the  only  thing  that
pays us.
A compression of energy between two different AVWAPs. When the stock exits the Pinch,it is often an excellent
trade  in  the  break's  direction  due  to  the  energy  release.
A price move that is counter to the primary trend,but is not  strong  enough  to  reverse  the  trend.
The R-Multiple is the amount that you profited or lost in
terms of your initial risk(e.g.if your initial risk is $100 and you gained $250,your profit is 2.5R).
For the US  stock market,it refers to the trade hours of the NYSE and NASDAQ,9:30 a.m.to 4 p.m EDT,excluding stock  market   holidays.
An  area  where  sellers  provide  enough  pressure(supply)to
多头仓位
保证金追缴
市场冲击成本
做市商
动量交易
仅价格支付
捏合
回撤
R-多重
常规交易时间 (RTH)
阻力
一个交易者或投资者持有一个他们认为价值将增加的金融头 寸。
交易者权益的不足可能需要客户追加资金或平仓以减少损失。
买家或卖家对其参与的市场价格产生的影响。
在指定时间和价格承诺买入或卖出的证券交易商。
一种利用在既定趋势中交易股票来赚钱的策略。
我们交易是为了赚钱。价格是成功的客观衡量标 准。价格行为最受关注。在技术分析中。 -价格是 我们唯一 能赚钱的东西。
两种不同AVWAP  之间的能量压缩。当股票退出Pinch 时， 由于能量释放，它通常是朝突破方向的一个绝佳交易。
与主要趋势相反的价格变动，但不足以逆转趋势。
R倍数是指您相对于初始风险所获得的利润或亏损金额(例如， 如果您的初始风险是$100,而您获得了$250,则您的利润是   2.5R)。
对于美国股市，它指的是纽约证券交易所和纳斯达克的交易时 间，即东部时间上午9:30至下午4:00,不包括股市假日。
一个卖方提供足够压力(供应)的区域，以
overwhelm    the    buying(demand)and    prices     "resist"going higher.
压倒购买(需求)并且价格“抵制”上涨。
Rip
Refers to a short-term,quick rally in a downtrend.
指在下跌趋势中的一次短期、快速反弹。
Setup
A trade plan that has a predetermined entry point,an approximate  price  objective  and  a  stop  loss  level.
设置.
一个具有预定入场点、 一个
大致价格目标和止损水平的交易计划。
Short Interest(SIR)
The number of shares sold short(short interest)for an    individual  stock,divided  by  its  average  daily  trade  volume over  the  previous  two  weeks.
卖空余额 (SIR)
某证券卖空的股份数量(卖空余额)。 个股，除以其平均每日交易量
在过去的两周内。
Short Position
The sale of a stock that is not owned by the seller.Traders with  a  short  position  expect  the  stock  to  decline  in  price.
卖空头寸
出售由卖方不拥有的股票。交易者
持有空头头寸的预期股票价格将下跌。
Short Squeeze
A  short  squeeze  develops  when  those  who  sold  the  stock   short,with  the  expectation  it  would  continue  to  decline  in price,change their minds about the trade and attempt to  cover  their  position  before  the  market  advances  and  they  accumulate   large/larger   losses.The   occurrence   of   a
rapidly  rising  stock  price  with  a  large  short  interest  is known as a short squeeze.
卖空挤压
当那些做空股票的人改变主意，试图在市场上涨之前平 仓，并积累巨大/更大的损失时，就会发生空头挤压。
快速上涨的股票价格伴随着巨大的空头头寸的发生被称 为空头挤压。
Market Structure Chart:
Stage1-Accumulation
Neutral  period  of  a  stock  that  is  preceded  by  the  decline.
The  early  part  of  this  stage  is  the  time  to  exit  short
positions.The  later  part   of  this  stage  is  when  we  anticipate and  plan  new  long  trades.
市场结构图：
阶段1-累积
股票的中性期，该期由下跌preceded 。  这个阶段的早期 是退出空头头寸的时间。这个阶段的后期是我们预期和  计划新的多头交易的时间。
Stage 2-Markup (Uptrend)
The  phase   of  a  stock  where  prices  rise.These   stocks   are
defined  by  higher-highs  and  higher-lows.This  is  when  we participate  in  long  trades  and  avoid  short  sales.
阶段2-涨价, (上升趋势)
股票上涨的阶段。这些股票由更高的高点和高点定义。 这是我们参与多头交易并避免空头卖出的时候。
Stage  3-Distribution
Neutral  period  of  a  stock  that  is  preceded  by  an  Uptrend.
阶段3-分配
一只股票的中性期，该期之前是上升趋势。
Stage  4-Decline (Downtrend)
Stop Loss
Trend  Alignment
5-DMA
50-DMA
This is when to exit long positions and plan for new short positions.
The phase of a  stock where prices decline.These  stocks   are  defined  by  lower-highs  and  lower-lows.This  is  when we avoid long trades and participate in short sales.
A type of order which is used to limit the loss in a stock position.
Use  of  multiple  timeframe  analysis;longer-term  to  identify trend  and  shorter-term  to  make  timing  decisions  to  enter   the  trend  at  a  low-risk,high-probability  point.
5-Day Moving Average.The simple moving average as seen  on  intraday  charts.
50-Day Moving Average.The average closing price of a stock over the last 50 days.
阶段4- 下降
(下跌)
止损
趋势对齐、
5-D
MA
50-DMA
这是退出多头头寸并计划新的空头头寸的时候。
股票价格下跌的阶段。这些股票由更低的高点和更低的低点 定义。这是我们避免多头交易并参与空头销售的时候。
一种用于限制股票头寸损失的订单类型。
使用多时间框架分析；长期识别趋势，短期做出入场决 策，以在低风险、高概率的点位进入趋势。
5日移动平均线。简单移动平均线如 日内图表上所见。
50日移动平均线。过去50天内的股票平均收盘价。 50日内的股票平均收盘价。
BIBLIOGRAPHY
SOURCES
Berkowitz,Stephen  A.,Logue,Dennis  E,and  Noser,Eugene  A.“The  Total
Cost of Transactions on the NYSE,”The Journal of Finance Volume XLIII, No.1 March 1988
Boboch,Eve,Donnelly Kathy,Krull Eric,and Daill Kurt.The Lifecycle Trade; How to Win at trading IPOs and Super Growth Stocks,2019,Blanca
Graciela,Inc.
Citadel   Securities,"Equities    &Options,"November   14,2022,
https://www.citadelsecurities.com/products/equities-and-options/
Coles,Andrew and Hawkins,David.MIDAS Technical Analysis:A VWAP
Approach to Trading and Investing in Today's Markets,Bloomberg Press, September  2012
Kahneman,Daniel.Thinking  Fast  and  Slow,Farrar,Straus  and  Giroux,October
参考文献
资料来源
Berkowitz,Stephen A.,Logue,Dennis E.,and Noser,Eugene A."The Total 纽交所交易成本，”金融学杂志第XLII  卷，
No.1 March 1988
Boboch,Eve,Donnelly         Kathy,Krull          Eric, 以及Daill   Kurt。《生
命周期交易；如何在交易IPO 和超级成长股中获胜》,2019年，Blanca Graciela  公司。
Citadel Securities, “股票与期权”,2022年11月14日，
https://www.citadelsecurities.com/products/equities-and-options/
技术分析： 一种基 出版社，2012年9月Coles,Andrew   和 Hawkins,David.《MIDAS 于VWAP 的交易和投资方法》,Bloomberg
技术分析： 一种基 出版社，2012年9月
Kahneman,Daniel.《  思考，快与慢》,Farrar,Straus and Giroux出版社，2011年10月
Kakade,Sham   M.,Mansour,Yishay,Ortiz,Luis    E.,and   Kearns,Michael.
Competitive Algorithms for VWAP and Limit Order Trading,
https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~mkearns/papers/vwap.pdf
Lukeman,Joshua.The Market Maker's Edge McGraw Hill,March 2003
Madhavan,Ananth.“VWAP  Strategies  Changing  Face  of  Trading”Vol.2002, Issue  1 pages  32-39,Spring 2002
Marks,Howard.Mastering the Market Cycle:Getting the Odds on Your Side, Harper    Business,2018
Neill,Humphrey B.Tape Reading and Market Tactics:The Three Steps to Successful Stock Trading,Martino Publishing,2010
O'Hara,Maureen."High  Frequency  Market  Microstructure,"Journal  of
Financial Economics,Volume 116,Issue 2,May 2015,Pages 257-270
Prechter,Robert,Elliot Wave Principle:A key to Market Behavior,New Classics Library;4th  Edition  January  1984
Shannon,Brian.Technical Analysis Using Multiple Timeframes,Lifevest Publishing,2008 “Chase the Gap,or Wait for VWAP?”
http://alphatrends.net/archives/2008/07/chase-the-gap-or-wait- for-vwap/
Steenbarger,Brett.Trading Psychology 2.0 From Best Practices to Best Processes, Wiley,2015
Kakade,Sham   M.,Mansour,Yishay,Ortiz,Luis    E.,and   Kearns,Michael.
Competitive Algorithms for VWAP and Limit Order Trading,
https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~mkearns/papers/vwap.pdf
Lukeman,Joshua.The Market Maker's Edge McGraw Hill,March 2003
Madhavan,Ananth.“VWAP  Strategies  Changing  Face  of  Trading”Vol.2002, Issue  1 pages  32-39,Spring 2002
Marks,Howard.Mastering the Market Cycle:Getting the Odds on Your Side, Harper    Business,2018
Neill,Humphrey B.Tape Reading and Market Tactics:The Three Steps to Successful Stock Trading,Martino Publishing,2010
O'Hara,Maureen.“High  Frequency  Market  Microstructure,"Journal  of
Financial Economics,Volume 116,Issue 2,May 2015,Pages 257-270
Prechter,Robert,Elliot Wave Principle:A key to Market Behavior,New Classics Library;4th  Edition  January  1984
Shannon,Brian.Technical Analysis Using Multiple Timeframes,Lifevest Publishing,2008 “Chase the Gap,or Wait for VWAP?”
http://alphatrends.net/archives/2008/07/chase-the-gap-or-wait- for-vwap/
Steenbarger,Brett.Trading Psychology 2.0 From Best Practices to Best Processes, Wiley,2015
Weinstein,Stan.Stan Weinstein's Secrets For Profiting in Bull and Bear Markets, McGraw Hill,January 1988
Whistler,Mark.Volatility Illuminated:Empowering Forex,Stocks,Options & Futures Traders,Mark Whistler,September 2011
Telegram:@Grou                 Bot
Weinstein,Stan.Stan     Weinstein的牛市和熊市盈利秘诀， 麦格劳-希尔出版社，1988年1月
Whistler,Mark.Volatility     Illuminated:Empowering     Forex,Stocks, Options  &Futures  Traders,Mark  Whistler,September   2011
Telegram:@GroupBuys      Bot
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
When you have been involved in a business that you have a great passion for as long as Ihave,30+years,you pick up a lot of knowledge from books, articles,and conversations with people.I have done my best to
acknowledge the large number of people who have had a positive influence on my career and have expanded my knowledge of the financial markets.It  is my sincere hope that I have not missed anyone or that Ihave
inadvertently given credit to the wrong person.
Prior to handing this book over to my editor,my wife Leanne helped make
the writing so much easier to understand with her reminders that,while
these concepts are second nature to me,I needed to explain concepts more   thoroughly.She also did ALOT of the “heavy lifting”of the editing,this book would be a disaster without her.
I was quite naive when I thought my book was finished prior to handing it over to my wonderful editor Tamela Rich.I had never heard of
"developmental editing"before seeing her in action.She helped me
organize the manuscript in its present form,then brought together a great team of people who helped with the design,layout,proofing,and all the
things that make a good book great.
致谢
当你像我这样，在一个你充满极大热情的行业里工作了□ 年，你就   会从书籍、文章以及与人们的交谈中获得很多知识。我已经尽力感谢  了那些对我的职业生涯产生积极影响并扩展了我对金融市场知识的人。 我真诚地希望我没有遗漏任何人，或者无意中把功劳给了错误的人。
在将这本书交给我的编辑之前，我的妻子Leanne  帮助使写作更容易 理解，她提醒我，虽然这些概念对我来说是常识，但我需要更详细地 解释这些概念。她还做了大量的“重活”编辑工作，如果没有她，这 本书将是一场灾难。
在我将书稿交给出色的编辑 Tamela     Rich 之前，我相当天真，以为
书稿已经完成了。在见到她之前，我从未听说过“发展编辑”这个词。 她帮助我组织了手稿的当前形式，然后召集了一支优秀的人才团队，
他们帮助我进行设计、排版、校对以及所有让一本好书变得出色的东 西。
Andy  Ciordia  designed  the  book's  interior.I'm  grateful  not  only  for  the  final product,but also his responsiveness and patience as we tried various
concepts    and    configurations.
Ethan  Powsner  was  hired  to  be  a  copy  editor  and  his  contributions  went well  beyond  what  was   expected.
A book  like  this  needs  a  robust  index  and  Heather  Pendley  rose  to  the challenge  on  a  tight  deadline.
The  first time I mentioned I was  going to write  a book  about the Anchored
VWAP(pronounced   Vee-Wap   not   Vee-Wop,wink)was   in   a   conversation
with Jay Woods at a CMT Symposium in NYC in 2016.He encouraged me and provided  useful  feedback  along  the  way.Thank  you  Jay.
Another  early  supporter  was  Jared  Blikre  of  Yahoo  Finance.I'm  not  sure  he
thought this book would actually get written.There were times I had my doubts   too.
Tommy  Thornton  was  a  great  resource  for  information  about  how  a  multi- billion  dollar  hedge  fund  uses  the  Anchored  VWAP.
It  was  the  early  work  of the  late  Dr.Paul  Levine  that  became  the  basis  for    much  of today's  Anchored VWAP  analysis.His  work was  clearly  ahead  of its time.As it is said,we stand on the shoulders of giants,and Dr.Levine is the true forefather of this analysis.
Others  who  have  had  a  positive  impact  on  my  work  and  more  important,I
consider  most   ofthem   to  be   friends:Brian   Altemus,Andrew   Aziz,Anne-
Marie   Baiynd,Michael   Batnick,Mike   Bellafiore,Gregory   Bender,Ben
Bennett,Neil   Blalock,Jared    Blikre,Eve   Boboch,John    Boik,John   Bollinger,Jon Boorman(RIP),Matt    Bowen,Peter     Brandt,Josh     Brown,Steve     Burns,Tom
Andy       Ciordia设计了书稿的内部。我不仅对最终产品心怀感激，还 对他在我们尝试各种概念和配置时的响应能力和耐心表示感谢。
伊森 · 波斯纳被聘为校对编辑，他的贡献超出了预期。
像这样的书需要一个完善的索引，海瑟尔 ·彭德利在紧迫的截止日期前 迎接了挑战。
我第一次提到要写一本关于锚定VwaP   (发音为Vee-Wap,    不 是
Vee-Wop,     眨眼)的书是在2016年纽约CMT 研讨会上与杰伊 ·伍兹的谈 话中。他鼓励了我，并在过程中提供了有用的反馈。谢谢你，杰伊。
另一位早期支持者是雅虎财经的杰拉德 · 布林克。我不确定他认为这 本书真的会写成。也有的时候我也有过怀疑。
汤米 ·桑顿是关于一个价值数十亿美元的基金如何使用锚定VwaP 的信息的 重要资源。
是已故保罗 · 莱文博士早期的工作为今天的大部分锚定VwaP  分析奠 定了基础。他的工作显然领先于时代。正如所说，我们站在巨人的 肩膀上，莱文博士是这项分析的真正奠基人。
其他对我工作产生积极影响的人，更重要的是，我认为他们中的大多数是我的朋 友：Brian       Altemus,Andrew        Aziz,Anne-Marie        Baiynd,Michael
Batnick,Mike Bellafiore,Gregory Bender,Ben Bennett,Neil Blalock, Jared Blikre,Eve Boboch,John Boik,John Bollinger,Jon Boorman
(RIP),Matt  Bowen,Peter  Brandt,Josh  Brown,Steve  Burns,Tom
Canfield,Matt Caruso,Marty Chargin,Anthony Crudele,Ryan Detrick,
Dennis Dick,Jared Dillian,Kathy Donnelly,Patrick Dunuwila,Joe Fahmy,
Christian Fromhertz,Kenny Glick,Steve Gomez,Todd Gordon,Ross Haber,
Greg Harmon,Donnie Hensley,Arthur Hill,Jeffrey Hirsch,Andrew Horowitz, Kelley Howe,Zach Hurwitz,Michael Katz,Oliver Kell,David Keller,Matt
Kenah,Charles Kirk,Bob Lang,Howard Lindzon,Brian Lund,Jonah Lupton, Kevin Marder,Michael Martin,Evan Mederios,Gilbert Mendez(RIP),Mark  Minervini,Richard Moglen,John Muchow,Michael Nauss,Jerremy
Newsome,Mark Newton,Steven Orr,JC Parets,Damon Pavlatos,Charles
Payne,Phil  Pearlman,Chris  Perruna,Irusha  Peiris,Ryan  Pierpont,Linda
Bradford Raschke,Jason Raznick,Sam Ro,Jim Roppel,Grayson Roze,Dan
Russo,Josh Schuler,Greg Schnell,Jack Schwager,Denise Shull,Caleb Silver, Steven  Spencer,Alex  Spiroglou,Steve  Strazza,Brett  Steenbarger,Trader
Stewie,Michael Thompson,Tom Thornton,Dan Ushman,Mike Webster,
Stan Weinstein,Tyler Wood,Chris Worden,Jake Wujastyk,Richard Wyckoff, Frank  Zorrilla.
I am grateful to Chris Worden and Michael Thompson of TC2000.They were the first to believe in the value of the Anchored VWAP and were pioneers
when they added“Anchored VWAP by Alphatrends”to their excellent software.
Lastly,I want to thank you,the reader.I hope to make a meaningful impact and am humbled to have my work valued by so many smart people.
Canfield,Matt   Caruso,Marty   Chargin,Anthony   Crudele,Ryan   Detrick, Dennis  Dick,Jared  Dillian,Kathy  Donnelly,Patrick  Dunuwila,Joe
Fahmy,Christian  Fromhertz,Kenny  Glick,Steve  Gomez,Todd  Gordon, Ross   Haber,Greg   Harmon,Donnie   Hensley,Arthur   Hill,Jeffrey
Hirsch,Andrew  Horowitz,Kelley  Howe,Zach  Hurwitz,Michael  Katz, Oliver  Kell,David  Keller,Matt  Kenah,Charles  Kirk,Bob  Lang,
Howard   Lindzon,Brian   Lund,Jonah   Lupton,Kevin   Marder,Michael Martin,Evan  Mederios,Gilbert  Mendez(RIP),Mark  Minervini,
Richard  Moglen,John  Muchow,Michael  Nauss,Jerremy  Newsome,
Mark  Newton,Steven  Orr,JC  Parets,Damon  Pavlatos,Charles  Payne, Phil   Pearlman,Chris    Perruna,Irusha   Peiris,Ryan    Pierpont,Linda
Bradford  Raschke,Jason  Raznick,Sam  Ro,Jim  Roppel,Grayson  Roze, Dan  Russo,Josh  Schuler,Greg  Schnell,Jack  Schwager,Denise  Shull,   Caleb  Silver,Steven  Spencer,Alex  Spiroglou,Steve  Strazza,Brett
Steenbarger,Trader    Stewie,Michael    Thompson,Tom    Thornton,Dan Ushman,Mike   Webster,Stan   Weinstein,Tyler   Wood,Chris   Worden, Jake  Wujastyk,Richard  Wyckoff,Frank  Zorrilla。
我感谢 TC2000  的 Chris      Worden 和 Michael         Thompson。他们
是最早相信Anchored    VWAP价值的人，并且在他们优秀的软件中 添加 “Anchored    VWAP     by    Alphatrends” 时，他们是先驱者。
最后，我想感谢你，读者。我希望能够产生有意义的影响，并且很荣幸我的 工作被这么多聪明的人所重视。
ABOUT BRIAN
SHANNON,CMT
Telegram    :@GroupBuys                Bot
WEBSITES:
www.Alphatrends.net
youtube.com/Alphatrends
关于 BRIAN SHANNON, CMT
ellegram:@GroupBuys     Bot
网 站 ：
www.Alphatrends.net
youtube.com/Alphatrends
twitter.com/Alphatrends
Chartered  Market  Technician,Brian  Shannon  has  been  a  securities
professional  for  over  three  decades.He  developed  and  applied  the  little-  known AVWAP theory to his daily trading and has used the AVWAP since  the  early 2000s.He has been instrumental in getting this  analysis tool  on nearly  a  dozen  charting  platforms.
Brian  is  an  internationally  recognized  expert  in  technical  analysis,with  a focus  on  shorter-term  timeframes.He  has  taught  tens  of thousands  of
traders to become better traders with his highly acclaimed book,Technical Analysis Using Multiple Timeframes(over 18,000 copies sold),and on his
twitter    channel    Twitter.com/Alphatrends
As  a  consistently  profitable  trader,he  founded  Alphatrends,
www.Alphatrends.net,a  service  dedicated  to  market  analysis  and  education for swing traders.Today Brian continues to offer a daily masterclass on the  use of the AVWAP in his videos for Alphatrends.net subscribers.For those
who do not subscribe to Alphatrends,you can benefit from his free Friday videos   on  YouTube.com/Alphatrends
Brian lives in Colorado,where he and his wife Leanne(and dog Zinzan)lead an active lifestyle enjoying all the outdoor activities of their home state.
twitter.com/Alphatrends
特许市场技术师，布莱恩 ·沙伦 (Brian    Shannon) 已有三十多年 的证券专业经验。他开发并应用于日常交易的鲜为人知的
AVWAP 理论，并在21世纪初开始使用AVWAP 。 他在将这一分析 工具应用于近十种图表平台方面发挥了关键作用。
布莱恩是国际公认的技术分析专家，专注于短期时间框架。他通过备受赞  誉的书籍《多时间框架技术分析》(销量超过18,000册)以及他的推特频  道Twitter.com/Alphatrends, 已向数万名交易者传授了如何成为更好的 交易者。
作为一名持续盈利的交易者，他创立了Alphatrends,
www.Alphatrends.net,        一个专注于波段交易者市场分析和教育的服务。 如今，布莱恩继续在Alphatrends.net     订阅者的视频课程中提供每日大师班， 讲解AVWAP的使用方法。对于未订阅Alphatrends   的人，可以在
YouTube.com/Alphatrends      上免费观看他的周五视频。
布莱恩住在科罗拉多州，在那里他和妻子莉安(以及狗Zinzan)   过着积极的生活 方式，享受他们家乡的所有户外活动。
INDEX
A
accumulation    195,209,210 algorithms    17,18,25
Alphatrends   6,43,182 analysis
art of 114
AVWAP,VWAP's origin 5-6
imperfect   47,114
multiple   timeframes    12,44,52-53,183,205-212 unbiased   33
anchors
anchoring bias  26
art  ofanchoring  97
as chart dot 35
defined  4
high-volume/measurable   events   84-89 layer of momentum 94
market  influence  27
points  of  37,95,111
price-based    26,89-90,96
索引
积累195,209,210算法17,18,25 Alphatrends
6,43,182分析艺术114 AVWAP,VWAP的起源 5-6不完美47,114多时间框架12,44,52-53,
183,205-212无偏33锚点锚定偏差26艺术锚定 97作为图表点35定义4高量/可测量事件84-89 动量层94市场影响27点37,95,111基于价格
26,89-90,96
swing high/low points  89-90 time  periods  31,91-94
AVWAP(Anchored Volume Weighted Average Price) buy the touch  68-69
calculation  32
defined   xxii,4,32,37
dips,breakouts    vs.128-129
dollar cost average 34
handoffs  110-115
IPOs and 182-189
momentum   69-71
“most  perfect”indicator  47
oscillating    54,63,71
pinch   95,99-104
porosity of 68
rapid  shape  changes  38
reveals    trends    25,31,33,61-63,75,78,122,132 rips,breakdowns    vs.129-130
slope of 58-64
standard   deviation   38,39,68,69 support,resistance      53-56,60
variables  4
VWAP vs.4,5
VWMA vs.40
B
bearish markets.See markets
behavior 23-29,106.See also psychology
摇摆高点/低点89-90时间周期31,91-94
AVWAP(锚定成交量加权平均价)买入触碰
68-69计算32定义xxii,4,32,37     滑落，突破vs.
128-129美元成本平均34交接110-115 IPOs 和
182-189动量69-71“最完美”指标47振荡54,
63,71挤压95,99-10468价格和5,54,149-154程序 62快速形状变化38揭示趋势25,31,33,61-63,
75,78,122,132撕裂，崩盘vs.129-13058-64  斜  率标准差38,39,68,69支撑，阻力53-56,60变量 4VWAP  vs.4,5  VWMA  vs.40
熊市。参见市场行为23-29、106。另见 心理学
Berkowitz,Stephen    15-16
biases    23,26,57,61
block  trades  16,20
breakdowns   129-130,130
breakout   trades   46,126-127,126-131 Buffett,Warren   21
bullish markets.See markets buy the touch 68
C
calculations    5,32-40
CBOE Volatility Index(VIX)25 charts
alternative  entry  technique   138
anchoring   points   35,85,87-91
AVWAP     and     IPOs      182-189
AVWAP response and 33
AVWAP touches 69-70
AVWAP vs.VWAP 5,32 breakouts   46,126-127
control   54
dips   123,128
dollar cost average calculation 34
50 DMA(50-day moving average)57,207 5-day moving average 208
handoffexamples    110-111,115
higher-highs/lows(HH)/(HL)197-198 lower-highs/lows(LH)/(LL)198
market  structure   196-200
momentum  purchases  46
Berkowitz,Stephen 15-16偏好 23,26,57,61块交易16,20分解  129-130,130突破交易46,
126-127,126-131      Buffett,
Warren  21牛市。参见市场买入 触碰68
计算5,32-40 CBOE  波动率指数
(VIX)25 图表替代入场技巧138锚定 点..35,85,87-91AVWAP 和 IPOs
182-189   AVWAP 响应和33
AVWAP   触碰69-70AVWAP   与
VWAP5,32   突破46,126-127控制
54滑落123,128美元成本平均计算
3450    DMA(50日移动平均)57,2075 日移动平均208交接示例110-111,
115更高高点/低点(HH)/(HL)
197-198更低高点/低点(LH)/(LL)  198市场结构196-200动量买入46
pinch   examples   95,100-107
price  and  volume  13,14
price   gaps    148-156,158-159
price   oscillation   59,63,71 pullbacks    128
short     sales      125,129,141-142,168-173,176-178
sources    213
standard    deviation    38-39,68-69
support,resistance          50,53,72-77,79,204
time   correction   199-200
timeframe  and  candles/day  203
trade  data  36
up/downtrends            7,11-13,116,124,136-137,204,209-211
volume    patterns    13,14,19,38
Citadel  Trading  18
cont
Cooper,Jeff  44
corrective  waves   196
cost  basis  26,34
crowd psychology 24-25.See also market psychology cryptocurrencies     7
D
dark pools 20
data    4,36
decline     195,210-211
dips  122-131.See  also  pullbacks distribution      195,209-210
dividends    163
捏合示例95,100-107价格和成交量13,14价格缺口 148-156,158-159价格波动59,63,71回调128空头卖出 125,129,141-142,168-173,176-178来源213标准差
38-39,68-69支撑，阻力50,53,72-77,79,204时间校正  199-200时间框架和蜡烛/天203交易数据36上涨/下跌趋 势7,11-13,116,124,136-137,204,209-211成交量模式  13,14,19,38 Citadel交易18反向操作.29控制6,28,32, 45,52-60,122,132    Cooper,Jeff    44纠正浪196成本基础 26,34群体心理24-25.参见市场心理加密货币7
暗池20数据4,36下降
195,210-211滑落122-131。另 见回调分布195,209-210股息
163
dollar cost averaging 34
downtrends.See also trends   breakaway  gaps  155-157
examples      7,12-13,113-114,124,204,211
lower-highs/lows(LH)/(LL)198
steps to take 123-125,143-144
trends vs.labels 205
E
earnings reports 87-89
emotional biases 23-27
ETFs 7,163
exchanges  20
extended hours trading 48
F    
fade the gap 163
Federal Reserve 88-89
50 DMA(50-day moving average)57,182,206-207 financial psychology 25
5 DMA(5-day moving average)207-208  FOMO(fear  of missing  out)28-29,80,97 forced buy-ins  174
Forex  markets  7
futures    7,163
G
gaps.See price
美元成本平均法34下降趋势。另见趋势突 破缺口155-157例子7,12-13,113-114,
124,204,211低高点/低点(LH)/(LL)198 步骤要采取123-125,143-144趋势与标签
205
盈利报告87-89情绪偏  差23-27交易所交易基  金7,163交易所20延长 交易时间48
缩小差距163联邦储备银行88-8950日移动平均 线57,182,206-207金融心理学255日移动平均 线207-208错失恐惧症28-29,80,97强制买入  174外汇市场7期货7,163
间隙。见价格
Google 189
Griffin,Ken 18
guilty until proven innocent 33,62,195,205,206
H
handoffs
examples  95,110-118
pinch and 94,116-117
timeframes and 115
up/downtrends   110-116 hedging vehicles 179
heuristic bias 26-27
higher-highs/lows(HH)/(HL)197-198
工
impulse waves 196
information  10,18,26
innocent until proven guilty 33,61,195,206 institutional  customers  16-19,64
International Trading Group 18
investing 34,49,175.See also markets;trades Investopedia.com 24
Investors Intelligence Sentiment Poll 25 IPOs(initial public offerings)181-188
J
The Journal ofFinance 15-16
Google 189 Griffin,Ken 18有罪直到被证明无 罪33,62,195,205,206
交接示例95,110-118按压和94, 116-117时间框架和115上下趋势 110-116对冲工具179启发式偏差 26-27更高高点/低点(HH)/(HL)  197-198
工
脉冲波196信息10,18,26无罪推定
33,61,195,206机构客户16-19,64国际  交易集团18投资34,49,175。另见市场； 交易Investopedia.com       24投资者情报   情绪调查25首次公开募股(IPOs)
181-188
金融学杂志15-16
K
Kahneman,Daniel  26
L
lag 38
layering  110.See  also  handoffs  level    ofinterest    52,64,67,125 Levine,Paul    68
liquidity      10,16,19-20,60
Logue,Dennis     15-16
lower-highs/lows(LH)/(LL)198
M
mar  art ofanchoring 97
breakout,breakdown    failures     130-131
buyer,seller   commitment    106
FOMO(fear   of  missing   out)28-29,80,97 institutional   traders   64
labeling  gaps  160
levels   ofinterest   52-53
market   sentiment   24
price   memory   26,71-77
recognizing   control   104
self-reinforcing   roles   56 short   setup   140
short   squeezes   172-176
support,resistance         56-58,124-125
Kahneman,Daniel 26
滞后38层叠110。另见交接兴 趣水平52,64,67,125列文斯，
保罗68流动性10,16, 19-20,60洛格，丹尼斯  15-16低位/高位(LH)/(LL)1 98
市场心理锚定艺术97突破，崩盘失败
130-131买方，卖方承诺106 FOMO (错失恐 惧症)28-29,80,97机构交易者64标记缺口 160兴趣水平52-53市场情绪24价格记忆
26,71-77识别控制104自我强化角色56短线 设置140短线逼空172-176支撑位，阻力位  56-58,124-125
trading  against the trend  176
Trading  Psychology  2.0(Steenbarger)28
volume  13
markets.See also trades
anchors'influence  on  27
bearish/bullish       6,11,24-25,53,60,78,195
creating own process 45
earnings  reports  86
efficiency  17
environments   28,44
impact  cost  10,17
market flow analysis 33
market  sentiment  24
market   structure   195-200,209 memory  97
patterns   44
sidelines    28,61,151,165
stock    loans     175
time in vs.timing 34
trends  vs.market  type  204-205
markup    195,209,210
measurements      7,24-26,31-35,56 memory   26,71,72,97
momentum     37,46,69-71,94,153 moving averages
AVWAP    and    37,40
examples    40,57,207-208
50 DMA(50-day moving average)57,182,206-207
5 DMA(5-day moving average)207,208 reference  point  61
rolling period  averages  37,40
逆势交易176交易心理学2.0(
Steenbarger)28         交易量13市场。另见交易  锚定的影响27空头/多头6,11,24-25,53,60,  78,195创建自己的流程45盈利报告86效率  17环境28,44影响成本10,17市场流分析33  市场情绪24市场结构195-200,209记忆97模 式44观望28,61,151,165股票借贷175时间与 时机34趋势与市场类型204-205加价
195,209,210测量7,24-26,31-35,56记忆26, 71,72,97动量37,46,69-71,94,153移动平均 线 AVWAP   和37,40示例40,57,207-20850  DMA(50    日移动平均线)57,182,206-2075  DMA(5   日移动平均线)207,208参考点61  滚动周期平均数37,40
N
NASDAQ    183
Noser,Eugene,Jr.15-16
NYSE        15,25,161
0
opening print 181
orders
buy orders 17,60
parent and child orders 18,20
stop  orders  29,92,104,112,135,154,164,165 VWAP terms 18,20
P
personal  trading  28
pinch   99-107,116-118
porosity   68
price
advancement,contraction     199
anchors  and  26,96
AVWAP cumulative average 37
AVWAP oscillation and 54,59,60,63,71 biases   26,33
breakaway  gaps   153,158-159
breakout  trades  126
corrections    122,199-200
defined   4,10   differences   16
纳斯达克183 Noser,    尤金， 小15-16纽约证券交易所
15,25,161
开盘成交181订单买订单17,60父子订单18,20止  损订单29,92,104,112,135,154,164,165 VWAP 条 款18,20
个人交易28挤压99-107,116-118孔隙率 68价格推进，收缩199锚点与26,96
AVWAP累计平均37 AVWAP振荡和
54,59,60,63,71偏差26,33突破缺口 153,158-159突破交易126修正
122,199-200定义4,10差异16
dividends  163
downside  action  141-143
fading the gap  163
futures   163
gaps   148-164,183
IPOs and price action 184
market  impact  10,17
memory   26,71
moving averages and 61
pinch  100
ranges   50
recognizing likely changes 33
resistance  levels  and  51
as  scorecard  44
start point,AVWAP vs.VWAP 5
target  vs.listening  205
temporary  equilibrium  50
upside  action  134-137
value   vs.10
volume  and  13,14,35 weight  and  35
program  trades  18
psychology 23-29,80,97.See also market psychology pullbacks    121-124,128,196,199
R
range  breaks  106
RealTick 5
resistance
AVWAP role in 53-56,187-188
股息163下行动作141-143消退缺口163 期货163缺口148-164,183 IPOs  和价格动作  184市场影响10,17记忆26,71移动平均和61 挤压100范围50识别可能的改变33阻力位和 51作为记分卡44起始点，AVWAPvs.
VWAP5   目标vs.听觉205暂时均衡50上行动 作134-137价值vs.10   量与13,14,35权重和
35程序交易18心理学23-29,80,97.参见市场 心理学回调121-124,128,196,199
范围断点106RealTick 5抵抗 AVWAP角色在53-56,187-188
defined  51
examples    51,54,59,62,72,204 levels  of  55,67,78,79
pinch and  100
psychology of 56,124-125
risk management and 64
support  and  72-77,187 rips    125,129-130
risk  management
AVWAP,VWAP and 144
cash is position 28
gap  anomalies  161-163
information lacking 20
level  ofinterest  and  64
placing  stops  29,92,104,112,135,154,164,165
planning  trades  33,122,131 price  targets  27
short timeframe analysis  52
trends  vs.mathematical  tendencies   39
rolling period averages 37,40.See also moving averages rule of thumb bias 26,57
S
sell the rip  125
short  sales
bearish  markets  195
examples    125,129,141-142,168,176
handoffs  113
multi-day AVWAPs 140
rip  and  125,129
定义51示例51,54,59,62,72,204层级
55,67,78,79挤压和100心理学56,124-125风险 管理64支撑和72-77,187撕裂125,129-130风险 管理AVWAP,VWAP    和144现金是头寸28空白 异常161-163信息缺失20兴趣层级和64放置止  损29,92,104,112,135,154,164,165交易规划。
33,122,131价格目标。27短时间框架分析52趋  势与数学倾向39滚动周期平均37,40。另见移动 平均规则经验法则偏差26,57
卖空125短卖市场看跌195案例 125,129,141-142,168,176交接 113多日AVWAP140    卖空和
125,129
short  interest  168-172
short squeezes 172-177
simplicity 80
Southwest Airlines 21
speed  37-38,59
stages,market  structure   173,195,209 standard deviation 38,39,68,69
Steenbarger,Brett   28
stocks.See markets;See trades
stops  29,92,104,112,135,154,164,165 structural short squeeze 176-179
structure,market    173,195,209 subjectivity 47
supply and demand
buy order pressure 17
liquidity  10,60
price gaps and 96,154,165 support  and  55,57,60
trendless stock 50,195 unchanging laws 46
support
AVWAP    and    53-56
becomes resistance 59,72-73,187 defined 50
demand 57
examples  50-60,72-77,79 levels of 67,78-80
the pinch 100
psychology of 56,124
risk management and 64
temporary price equilibrium 50
卖空兴趣168-172短卖挤压
172-177简单性80南方航空公司
21速度37-38,59阶段，市场结构  173,195,209标准差38,39,68,69  Steenbarger,Brett        28股票。参见 市场；参见交易止损29,92,
104,112,135,154,164,165结构性 短卖挤压176-179结构，市场
173,195,209主观性47供需买盘压 力17流动性10,60价格缺口和
96,154,165支撑和55,57,60无趋 势股票50,195不变定律46支撑
AVWAP 和53-56变成阻力59,
72-73,187定义50需求57案例
50-60,72-77,79水平67,78-80挤 压100心理学56,124风险管理和  64暂时价格均衡50
swing   highs/lows   196-198
T
TC20006,31
time
anchoring to 91-94
AVWAP handoff concepts  115-116
candles  per  day  203
charting  IPOs  182
corrections     199-200
defined   4
intermediate   terms   207
long/short   bias   61
multiple     timeframes     12,44,52-53,183,201-212 short/long-term    trades    18
timeframe,choosing     45,212
time  in  market  vs.timing  market  34
time  slicing   19-20
VWAP and 18
VWAP and 40
weight  and  35
“The Total Cost of Transactions on the NYSE”15-16 trades.See also markets
against/with    trends     176,197-198
algorithms     17,25
block  trades   16,20
breakout   trades   46,126-131
creating  own  process  45
extended  hours  trading  48
green  stocks   137
摆动高点/低点196-198
TC20006,31 时间锚定至91-94 AVWAP  转换 概念115-116每天蜡烛203绘制IPO 图表182 修正199-200定义4中间术语207多空倾向
61多时间框架12,44,52-53,183,201-212短/ 长期交易18时间框架选择45,212市场时间与 市场时机34时间切片19-20 VWAP  和18
VWAP和40权重和35“纽约证券交易所交易 总成本”15-16交易。另见顺/逆势市场176,  197-198算法17,25块交易16,20突破交易
46,126-131创建自己的流程45拓展交易时间
48绿色股票137
investments     vs.49 IPOs   181-182
market  makers   134
opening   print   181
participant    personalities    25-26
personal  trading  tips  28
position  at  start   127,132 privacy    18,20
profit  takers   134
red  stocks  137
short   sellers   134
Trading Psychology 2.0(Steenbarger)28
trends.See  also  downtrends;moving  averages alignment     205-206
AVWAP  reveals  32,59,75,122
essence  of  114
examples      33,53,57,78,207
failure  of  123
as  friends  29,32
guilty/innocent      until      proven...33,61,62,195,205,206 handoffs    110-115
legs,thrusts       196-198
likelihood  of  continuing  121
market   type   vs.204-205
momentum,value      vs.37
the  pinch  and  106
recognizing    6,196
risk  management  and  39
smart  money  45
投资与49IPO 图表181-182②做市商134开盘报价 181参与者个性25-26个人交易建议28初始仓位
127,132隐私18,20止盈者134红色股票137空头134
交易心理学2.0 (Steenbarger)28        趋势。另见下跌趋 势；移动平均线对齐205-206 AVWAP 揭示32,59,75, 122比较，61逆势196本质114例子33,53,57,
78,207失败123作为朋友29,32有罪/无罪直到被证明… 33,61,62,195,205,206转换110-115腿，推力
196-198继续的可能性121市场类型与204-205动量，
价值与37压缩和106识别6,196风险管理与39智慧资 金45
swing  highs/lows  196-198 time and conflicting 11
trading   with/against    29,43,176,197-198 trendless  stock  50,195
volume and  14
within  trends  107
U
uptrends
breakaway  gaps  153-155
examples     7,11-13,110-112,204,209
follow-through 134-139
higher-highs/lows(HH)/(HL)195,197-198 short squeezes 176
V
value   10,37 volume
dark pools 20
defined   4,13
distribution  chart  19
examples    13,14,19,38 high-volume  events  84 liquidity  and  16,19-20  opening  print  181
price  and  14,17 surges    19-20
trends  and  14
undetected  activities  20
摆动高点/低点196-198时间和冲突11交
易与/反对29,43,176,197-198无趋势股 票50,195量度和14在趋势内107
上升趋势突破缺口153-155例子7,
11-13,110-112,204,209跟随134-139更
高高点/低点(HH)/(HL)195,197-198      短
线挤压176
gram:
值10,37深度做市商20定 义4,13分布图19示例
13,14,19,38高量事件84  流动性与16,19-20开盘价 181价格与14,17激增
19-20趋势与14未检测活 动20
weighting   and   4,31-35
VWAP(Volume Weighted Average Price).See also charts
AVWAP     and     4-6,31,54 calculations     5,35
dark  pools  20
defined   4,32
dollar  cost  averaging  34
IPOs and price action  184
meeting/beating     20
multi-day   140
order   terms   18-20
origins     15-16
timeframes  and  accuracy  36
time  slicing  and  19-20
volume   and   4,19,38 VWMA      vs.40
VWMA(Volume  Weighted  Moving  Average)40
W
weight    4,31-40
权重和4,31-35 VWaAP    (成交量加权平均价)。
另见图表AVWAP  和4-6,31,54计算5,35深度做 市商20定义4,32美元成本平均法34 IPOs 与价  格行为184会议/超越20多日140订单术语
18-20起源15-16时间周期与准确性36时间切片 与19-20成交量与4,19,38 VWMA-vs,.40
VWMA    (成交量加权移动平均)40
重量4,31-40
READER   REWARDS
Please use this link:www.alphatrends.net/marketstructurechart            to download high resolution copy of the Market Structure Chart.The chart    description is on page 196.
To continue your market education,you are invited to take advantage of a one-year Basic Alphatrends membership subscription(a$299 value).
This subscription is an end-of-day video analysis of key market ETFs including;SPY,QQQ,IWM,SMH,and IBB.These daily videos are a daily “masterclass”in AVWAP,and other techniques described in this book.In addition to the educational aspect they offer actionable ETF trade ideas.
Included with the one-year subscription,you will have lifetime access to the three-hour Alphatrends Introduction to Stock Trading Course,a $99 value.
Together,these are a $398 value,and you can purchase them for just $129, a 67%savings.
To        take        advantage         of        this         offer,       please         visit
www.alphatrends.net/AVWAPbookoffer
Offer expires on March 31,2024.
READER          REWARDS
请使用此链接：www.alphatrends.net/marketstructurechart                    下载
Market Structure Chart的高分辨率副本。图表说明在第196页。
要继续您的市场教育，我们邀请您利用一年的基础Alphatrends      会员资格订 阅(价值299美元)。
这项“订阅包括每日收盘视频分析，涵盖关键市场ETF,   包括SPY 、QQQ 、 IWM 、SMH  和 IBB 。这些每日视频是 AVWAP 和本书中描述的其他技术的 每日“大师班”。除了教育方面，它们还提供可操作的ETF 交易想法。
一年订阅中包含，您将终身获得三个小时的Alphatrends     股票交易 入门课程，价值99美元。
这些加起来价值398美元，您可以仅以129美元的价格购买，节省67%。
要利用此优惠，请访问www.alphatrends.net/AVWAPbookoffer
优惠将于2024年3月31日到期。
SnefWU M2-4三WMa 2-2E   Wae-ALPHATRENDS-Understanding
Snef
WU M
2-4
三
WMa 2-2
E   Wae
-
Stage1
Stage1
1-3                2-1
NU   OMLATOnE%-7LTE awt 14三
NU   OMLATO
nE%
-7
LTE awt 14
三
Market            Structure
Stag⁰3                           5tag⁰4
acline
2-2            2-3     3- 1  32 3-3     4-1
learn   more   at   www.alphatrendsno DraSano
”
wn
“
AEG二an           二
Acbonsb|e   Educalian   far   Pra
Sgme of Dannnd
4-2
◎B
-U1E“WO DEDM42LME DC43
-U1E
“
WO DEDM
42
LME DC
43
Telegram:   @GroupB
ALPHATRENDS- 理解市场结构
Sgnen of       Sage7
Uzmead
1-3
了解更多
Wu w
24
HoMnar
“
LE    ae
-
MU  BCJ库4-1“RCLME DC43分阶段的3- 1  32 3-3     4-1               4-2可操作的教育脂利润Sgmee ofDawnenndOB
MU  BCJ库
4-1
“
RC
LME DC
43
分阶段的
3- 1  32 3-3     4-1               4-2
可操作的教育脂利润
Sgmee of
Dawnennd
OB
www.alphatrendsnZYIGTaTOneK H2LAE BGan二                二
www.alphatrendsn
ZYIGTaTO
neK H2
LAE BGan
二                二
Telegram:  @Gro
MORE PRAISE
Brian's original book,Technical Analysis Using Multiple Timeframes,is the top book
anyone  can  read  to  understand  the  structure  of price  and  trend.He  builds  on  those
concepts,going in depth on the use of the AVWAP to find low-risk entries in alignment with the trend.Brian is the trend setter in using AVWAP in active trading.This is a
must-read  for  anyone  serious  about  incorporating  it  into  their  strategy.
Oliver Kell  Trader,2020  Investing  Champion  @1charts6
I have followed Brian for years and credit him and his first book for a lot of my trading success.This book takes that to a different level with a completely different way of
looking  at  the  markets.Truly  a  must-read  for  any  trader  looking  to  improve  their trading  or  investing  process.
Michael Nauss,CMT @MichaelNaussCMT
Over the years,I've had the  great pleasure  of watching  Brian  skillfully  trade  the
markets.Brian is known  for precise  entries  and  exits with  an  amazing  ability to repeat his trade executions much like a machine.His use of Anchored VWAP and the details
shared here offer a glimpse into how a true professional hones his craft and becomes a master.
Ben   Bennett   @patternprofits
Brian  Shannon  is  what  I  consider  a true technician,keeping his  focus  squarely  on  the raw data of the market:volume and price.His teaching of the VWAP tools and
methodology  are  steeped  in real-world  examples  and  explanations  of why  it's useful    that are written in a clear and easy-to follow-format.After learning about VWAP from
更多赞誉
布莱恩的原始书籍《使用多时间框架的技术分析》是任何人都可以阅读以理解 价格结构和趋势的顶级书籍。他在此基础上深入探讨了使用AVWAP   寻找与趋 势一致的低风险入场点。布莱恩是使用AVWAP 进行活跃交易的趋势设定者。 对于任何认真考虑将其纳入其策略的人来说，这都是必读之作。
奥利弗 ·凯尔交易员，2020年投资冠军@1charts6
多年来我一直关注布莱恩，并将我的交易成功归功于他和他的第一本书。这本书将 这一点提升到了一个新的水平，以完全不同的方式看待市场。对于任何希望改进其 交易或投资过程的交易员来说，这绝对是必读之作。
迈克尔 ·瑙斯，CMT@MichaelNaussCMT
多年来，我有幸观看布莱恩熟练地交易市场。布莱恩以其精确的入场和出场以及惊人的重复交 易执行能力而闻名，就像一台机器一样。他对锚定VWAP 的使用以及在此分享的细节，让我们 得以一窥一位真正的专业人士如何磨练他的技艺并成为大师。
Ben Bennett @patternprofits
布莱恩 · 沙伦是我认为的真正技术专家，他始终专注于市场的原始数据：成 交量和价格。他对VWAP   工具和方法的讲解充满了实际案例和清晰易懂的 解释，说明了为什么它有用。在从
Brian,it's become a tool I consistently use on my own charts,elevating my market analysis.
Andrew Thrasher,CMT,Portfolio Manager @AndrewThrasher
Price tells you one thing.Volume another.There isn't a better person than Brian
Shannon to helpyou understand the relationship between the two.Institutions leave   footprints and whether you trade long or short timeframes,breakouts or pullbacks,or  stocks or commodities,it's critical to know who is in control of the instrument-buyers  or sellers-in order to be on the right side of the bullish or bearish sentiment.Brian's    study on AVWAP is the best resource to help you understand this transition of ideology and to improve your trading in a very meaningful way.
Michael Martin,Author,The Inner Voice of Trading @Martin_Kronicle
Brian Shannon is one of the preeminent teachers and practitioners of modern trading techniques.This book represents the next evolution of his philosophy.
Michael Batnick,Managing Partner,Ritholtz Wealth Management @michaelbatnick From the viewpoint of a 20-year technical trader who has learned most of his craft from  the school of hard knocks,Brian's book was a welcomed read.I've attempted to read
other books on the subject but found them tedious,boring and quite often hard to
understand.Brian manages to engage the reader and teaches in plain language the
merits of VWAP and how and why he believes it works so well for trading.Always there  to remind you that this tool is not a crystal ball,he invites you to view VWAPas he does, but encourages you to find how it works best in your trading.The rookie trader who is   looking to explore more about VWAP will find this book invaluable as well as the season  vet who can apply some of Brian's ideas to their repertoire.I am a devout VWAP trader  and found the book validating some of my own ideas as well.
Kenny Glick,HitTheBid.com @hitthebidradio
I am lucky to live an investing life and Brian has done a great job explaining how he has done the same.This book will help thousands of others become better investors and
traders and hopefully live a worthwhile investing life.
布莱恩那里学习VWAP后，它已经成为我在自己的图表上持续使用的工具，提升了 我的市场分析能力。
Andrew   Thrasher,CMT,投资组合经理@AndrewThrasher
价格告诉你一件事。成交量告诉你另一件事。没有比 Brian   Shannon更 适 合帮助你理解两者之间关系的人了。机构会留下痕迹，无论你交易长期还
是短期周期，突破还是回调，股票还是商品，了解谁控制着工具——买方还 是卖方——以站在看涨或看跌情绪的右侧至关重要。 Brian 对 AVWAP   的
研究是帮助你理解这种意识形态转变的最佳资源，并以此在非常有意义的 方式提升你的交易。
Michael Martin,作者，《交易的内在声音》@Martin_Kronicle
Brian     Shannon 是现代交易技术最杰出的教师和实践者之一。这本书代表了他哲
学的下一阶段演变。
Michael     Batnick,管理合伙人，Ritholtz    财富管理@michaelbatnick
从一个拥有20年技术交易经验、大部分技艺来自实践学校的人来说， Brian  的  书是一本受欢迎的读物。我尝试读过其他相关书籍，但发现它们很乏味、无聊， 而且往往难以理解。Brian 成功吸引读者，并用平实的语言讲解了VWAP  的 优 点以及他为什么认为它对交易如此有效。他始终提醒你，这个工具不是水晶球， 邀请你像他一样看待 VWAP,   但鼓励你找到它在你的交易中最佳的工作方式。
对于希望探索更多VWAP  的新手交易者来说，这本书是无价的，对于能够将
Brian 的想法应用到他们交易组合中的经验丰富的交易者也是如此。我是一个虔 诚的VWAP  交易者，发现这本书验证了我的一些想法。
Kenny Glick,HitTheBid.com @hitthebidradio
我很幸运能够过着投资的生活，而且布莱恩已经很好地解释了他是如何做到的。这本 书将帮助成千上万的人成为更好的投资者和交易者，并希望过上有价值投资的生活。
Howard Lindzon,General Partner,Social Leverage;Co-Founder,Stocktwits
@howardlindzon
This book is essential reading for anyone who uses charts/technicals to navigate
markets.Stylistically,the Maximum Trading Gains with the Anchored VWAP separates    itself from all the other tools in the trader's toolbox.I find the reliability and consistency in searching for price is the most valuable part ofthe AVWAP.Brian easily explains how  to use the AVWAP as a valid weapon in these book chapters.Price,time and volume are  what you'llearn in the basic section of this book,while using other important
indicators to confirm the movement.
In my years of trading there is nothing better than finding price levels using the
AVWAP.The tools in this book have helped me to take my trading/investing game in stocks and options upto another level.Buy this book,and so will you.
Bob Lang,MBA,Author,Know Your Options @aztecs99
Brian provides an excellent breakdown of the markets both in terms of the science of technical analysis and the art of trading.His experience shines through as he breaks  down price action and key AVWAP concepts in an easy to understand fashion and
provides actionable,practical strategies that traders can adopt and excel with.I would  highly recommend this book to any trader looking to add new tools to their repertoire.
Richard Moglen,Director of Education,TraderLion.com @RichardMoglen
Brian warned me that this was a highly technical book.But it is also a very thoughtful   and well-researched book.I spent a 9-year career on Wall Street without ever spending much time thinking of the implications of VWAP.Now I know.
Jared Dillian,Editor,The Daily Dirtnap,DailyDirtNap.com @dailydirtnap
Brian Shannon does an excellent job of breaking down the complex topic of Anchored   VWAP into its building blocks,a core component of any institutional trading strategy.    But he does not stop there.Instead,he continues to delve into many AVWAP strategies to illustrate and educate the reader on how to employ them in their own trading.
Another well done gem from Brian.Bravo.
Greg Harmon,CMT,CFA,President,Dragonfly Capital,DragonFlyCap.com @harmongreg
Howard    Lindzon,社交杠杆普通合伙人； Stocktwits 联合创始人
@howardlindzon    这本书是任何使用图表/技术分析来导航市场的人都必读   的。在风格上，《锚定VWAP  实现最大交易收益》与其他交易工具区分开来。 我发现寻找价格的可靠性和一致性是AVWAP 最有价值的部分。 Brian  在书中 章节轻松解释了如何将AVWAP 作为有效武器使用。在本书的基本部分，你
将学习价格、时间和成交量，同时使用其他重要指标来确认趋势。在我多年 的交易生涯中，使用AVWAP 找到价格水平没有什么比这更好的了。这本书
中的工具帮助我提升了股票和期权交易/投资的水平。买这本书，你也会一样。 Bob       Lang,MBA,作者，Know     Your     Options    @aztecs99     Brian在技术分析  的科学与交易的艺术方面都提供了对市场的出色分析。他的经验在分解价格   行动和关键AVWAP 概念时展现出来：以易于理解的方式，并提供了交易者
可以采用和成功的实用策略。我强烈推荐这本书给任何希望添加新工具到其 工具箱的交易者。 Richard         Moglen, 教育总监，TraderLion.com
@RichardMoglen     Brian警告我说这本书非常技术性。但它也是非常周到和 深入研究的。我在华尔街花了9年的职业生涯，却从未花太多时间思考
VWAP 的影响。现在我知道了。 Jared        Dillian,编辑，The     Daily      Dirtnap,   DailyDirtNap.com   @dailydirtnap   Brian出色地将复杂的锚定VWAP  主题 分解为其基本组成部分，这是任何机构交易策略的核心组件。但他并没有止 步于此。相反，他继续深入探讨许多AVWAP 策略，以说明和教育读者如何  在自己的交易中运用它们。 Brian 的又一件出色作品。干杯。
格雷格 · 哈蒙，CMT,CFA,    龙飞资本总裁，DragonFlyCap.com          @harmongreg
When any trader or investor makes decisions based on inputs that actually matter to
the markets,they instantly gain edge.AVWAP is one of those edge defining inputs and   once again,Brian Shannon has given the trading and investing world a key to unlock its potential.AVWAP has been a game changer for me and the traders our firm develops.    This book is soon to be a classic.If you want to make better trading and investing
decisions and don't buy this book...I’′m not sure how else to helpyou.
Josh Schuler,MBA,CTA,Founder,Trade With Profile @tradewithprof
Brian Shannon shares many trading gems while sorting through the puzzle pieces of
technical analysis to provide active traders with an edge using anchored volume-
weighted average price(AVWAP)trends.The beauty of his approach is that it tunes out the noise alltraders need to deal with and focuses on the undeniable and essential
elements of price,volume,and time.Brian devotes a chapter to IPOs and shows how
AVWAP can be applied to multiple timeframes when analyzing new issues with limited   trading history.New and experienced traders alike are sure to find this book invaluable while honing their trading strategy.
The Anchored-VWAP is one of the most powerful discretionary indicators for traders.It   very efficiently demonstrates the mass psychology of the market by putting in one place all the elements of trading:time,volume,and price.Brian Shannon has done an
excellentjob pioneering and developing this indicator,as well as teaching traders how to effectively use it.
Andrew Aziz CEO and Founder,TradingTerminal.com @BearBullTraders
Whether you are a newbie,or seasoned pro looking to boost your trading performance,  or improve your risk management process,Brian's book is a must-read.He explains in a very clear and concise manner exactly what the AVWAP is,how it works,and why it
works.
Ross Haber,Chief Market Strategist,TraderLion @TraderLion_
Maximum Trading Gains with the Anchored VWAP is one of those rare books that stakes its place among essential texts for traders immediately upon publication.From history
当任何交易者或投资者根据对市场真正重要的输入做出决策时，他们瞬间就
能获得优势。AVWAP  是定义优势的一种重要输入，而Brian        Shannon 再
次为交易和投资世界提供了一把解锁其潜力的关键。 AVWAP   对我和我们公 司开发的交易者来说都是一场变革。这本书很快将成为经典。如果你想要做 出更好的交易和投资决策，却不去买这本书……我不确定还能如何帮助你。
Josh Schuler,MBA,CTA,创始人，Trade With Profile @tradewithprof
Brian   Shannon 在整理技术分析拼图的过程中分享了众多交易宝典，为活   跃交易者提供了一种使用锚定成交量加权平均价格 (AVWAP)     趋势的优势。 他方法的优点在于能够过滤掉所有交易者需要应对的噪音，专注于价格、成  交量和时间的不可否认且必不可少的要素。 Brian 专门用一章篇幅讨论了
IPO, 并展示了如何在使用AVWAP   分析交易历史有限的新股时将其应用于  多个时间周期。无论新手还是经验丰富的交易者，在磨练他们的交易策略时， 都必定会发现这本书非常有价值。
Eve Boboch;投资组合经理，合著者，The Lifecycle Trade @EBoboch
锚定VWAP 是交易者最强大的主观指标之一。它非常有效地通过将交易的所 有要素——时间、成交量和价格——集中在一起，展示了市场的群体心理。
Brian   Shannon在开创和发展这一指标方面做得非常出色，并且教会了交易 者如何有效地使用它。
Andrew Aziz CEO和创始人，TradingTerminal.com @BearBullTraders
无论你是新手，还是希望提升交易表现或改进风险管理流程的资深专业人士， Brian 的书都是必读之作。他以非常清晰简洁的方式解释了AVWAP   到底是   什么,它是如何运作的，以及为什么它有效，
Ross Haber,首席市场策略师，TraderLion @TraderLion_  .
使用锚定VWAP获得最大交易收益是那些罕见书籍中的一种，它在出版后立即凭借其 重要性在交易者的必读文献中占据一席之地。从历史
to  strategy  to  application,Brian  shares  the  definitive  take  on  this  critical  measure  with  a deftness and clarity that can only come from a pioneer in the study of price behavior.
Dr.Phil Pearlman,Founder,Pearl Institute @ppearlman
A fantastic book that thoroughly yet clearly explains the mechanics behind institutional order flow and how to use it to make a profit in the market using Brian's unique VWAP tools and methods.It is helpful for new and experienced investors.
Matt Caruso,CarusoInsights.com @Trader_mcaruso
Brian Shannon's book is the definitive work on the AVWAP indicator.Brian is one of the brightest minds on the Market AVWAP indicator,and he writes with passion and
conviction  about  his  experience  with  his  Anchored  VWAP  concept.Successful  trading
comes from experience,and Brian has years of first-hand knowledge of one of the most powerful trading indicators:The Anchored VWAP.Let Brian show you how to gain a
serious edge in your trading by using the AVWAP.
Matt  Bowen,Creator  of  the  VWAP-MAP,NOBStools.com   @NOBStrades Brian Shannon has truly expanded the technical analysis tool-kit with Anchored VWAP.   This new perspective on the alignment of price,volume,and time takes one of the key
strategies for institutional investors and puts it in the hands of individual traders.This is a must-read for anyone trying to successfully navigate the forces of supply and
demand.
David Keller,CMT,Chief Market Strategist,StockCharts.com @DKellerCMT
Anchored VWAP is an invaluable tool in price action analysis.Brian's expert teachings about VWAP including this helpful book as a companion is a must-owned resource for anyone who wishes to improve and maximize their trading strategies.
Charles E.Kirk,The Kirk Report,www.kirkreport.com
Brian breaks down the supply and demand dynamics that drive markets in an intuitive   yet simple manner.He explains complex topics in a way that any trader can understand and  relate  to.This  book  is  a  refreshing  reminder  to  focus  on  price  before  all  else.
到策略到应用，布莱恩以只有价格行为研究先驱才能展现的精妙和清晰，分享了这种关键 指标的权威见解。
Phil Pearlman 博士，创始人，Pearl机构@ppearlman
一本极好的书，全面而清晰地解释了机构订单流背后的机制，以及如何使用Brian  独特的VWAP  工具和方法在市场中获利。对新手和经验丰富的投资者都有帮助。
马特·卡鲁索，Carusolnsights com @Trader_mcaruso
Brian      Shannon的书是关于AVWAP  指标的权威著作。Brian   是市场 AVWAP   指标最聪明的大脑之一，他以热情和信念书写了他对锚定V
WAP 概念的经验。成功的交易来自经验，Brian   对最强大的交易指标之一—- 锚定VWAP 有第一手的知识。让Brian   向你展示如何通过使用AVWAP  在
交易中获得显著优势。
Matt   Bowen,VWAP-MAP的创造者，NOBStools.com   @NOBStrades
Brian  Shannon真正扩展了技术分析工具箱，加入了锚定VWAP。  这种关 于价格、成交量和时间一致性的新视角，将机构投资者的一项关键策略交
到了个人交易者手中。任何试图成功驾驭供需力量的人都必须阅读这本书。
David  Keller,CMT,首席市场策略师，StockCharts.com    @DKellerCcMT
Anchored    VWAP是价格行为分析中一个无价的工具。Brian 关 于VWAP   的专家教学， 包括这本有用的书籍作为伴侣，是任何希望改进和最大化其交易策略的人必须拥有的资   源。
查尔斯·E·柯克，《柯克报告》,www.kirkreport.com
布莱恩以直观且简单的方式解析了驱动市场的供需动态。他以任何交易者都能理解和 关联的方式解释了复杂主题。这本书提醒我们，在所有事情之前都要关注价格。
Steve  Strazza,Strazzaletter.com,@sstrazza
After twenty years of investing,this book has added new tools to my technical analysis toolkit.As a William O'Neil devotee with a specialization in IPOs,I found Brian's use of  AVWAP to be very valuable.It's  sure to enhance any investor's trading  style.
Kathy Donnelly,Co-author of The Lifecycle Trade,@KGD_Investor
Telegram:@Group               Bot
Steve Strazza,Strazzaletter.com,@sstrazza
经过二十年的投资，这本书给我的技术分析工具箱增添了新的工具。作为一名威廉 ·奥尼 尔 (William       O’Neil) 的忠实信徒，专注于首次公开募股 (IPO),       我发现布莱恩
(Brian) 对AVWEP  的使用非常有价值。它肯定会增强任何投资者的交易风格。
凯西 ·多纳利，著作《生命周期交易》的合著者，@KGD_Investor
Telegram:@GroupBuys      Bot
MAXIMUM TRADING GAINS WITHANCHORED VWAP
MAXIMUM TRADING GAINS WITH
ANCHORED VWAP
Tbrraodkoersrs secinagmWAPhae moreswornedthaeboitggovosltchumaen toanthatpricrvoe Thseoyonju inst mwayn3tdyoatorsbeotnho"a traverginge". flBorioar;n
has encapsulated that change through his AVWAP research and applied it on multiple time frames. To me this has been the most useful and rewarding addition to the field of technical analysis,and
F'm so happy he has shared his process with the world.
-Jay Woods,CMT,former NYSE Executive Covernor,Chief Market Strategist at DriveWealth, GJaywoods³
The truth is that inevor used or oven looked at VWAPas atrading tool Brian Shannon's book
provides a clear explanation of how and why anchoring VWAP to key market points (using a calcu- lation based on all data subsequent to those points)can be used both as a source of trade entry
signals and risk management exits.His book has inspired me to devote some time to exploring the Anchored  VWAP(AVWAP)as  a  potential  trading  tool.
-Jack Schwager,author of the Market Wizard book series,@jackschwager
Brian has put together an easy-to-understand book that convineingly states the case for using
AVWAPas a way to increase profitability while limiting risk The book is written from the perspec ·
tive that each trader is differont and should find his own approach to using AVWAP.After covering
AVWAP basics,Brian dives right in with specific strategies.Highly    recommended!
-Kevin   Marder,Co-founder    MarketWatch,⑥mardermarket
In the world of technical price analysis,Brian Shannon has reached the pinnacle of excellence.1
the  subject.count Brian as a  real  peer.His  book  onAnchored VWAPwill stand  as an authoritative textbook on
the  subject.
-Peter  Brandt,author  and  trader,@PeterBrandt
Innovation is rare in tochnical analysis as the field has been worked intensively for a long time,and
the low-hanging fruit is long gone.Ifirst came across Volume Weighted Average Price,VWAP as it
is known,many years ago as a trading technique for large orders used mostly by institutions.More
recently it has surfaced as an analytical technique,Anchored VWAP.To my mind that is a real
innovation and BrianShannon is the analyst to toll you what it is and how  to  use  it.
~John  Bollinger,CFA,CMT,Bollinger  Capital  Management,@bbands
I have used charts and technical analysis for more than 30 years and during that time Ive tried a gazilion  combinations  and  methods.Currently,I  invite  the  best  Wall  Street  tochnicians  on  my
show to share their knowledge and Brian stood out immediately as someone that had something unique and special.Anchored VWAP is a tool all serious investors and traders should become
familiar with and incorporate in their decision-making process.
-Charles Payne,CEO Wall Street Strategies,financial television anchor,@cvpayne
CXLPHATRENDSNET PUBLISHINGLLC
MAXIMUM TRADING GAINS WITHANCHORED VWAP
MAXIMUM TRADING GAINS WITH
ANCHORED VWAP
Tbrraodkoersrs secinagmWAPhae moreswornedthaeboitggovosltchumaen toanthatpricrvoe Thseoyonju inst mwayn3tdyoatorsbeotnho"a traverginge". flBorioar;n
has encapsulated that change through his AVWAP research and applied it on multiple time frames. To me this has been the most useful and rewarding addition to the field of technical analysis,and     F'm so happy he has shared his process with the world.
-Jay  Woods,CMT,former  NYSE  Executive  Covernor,Chief  Market   Strategist  at   DriveWealth, GDaywoods3
管理退出。他的书激励我投入一些时间研究量/WAP(AVWAP)     作为一种潜
在的交易工具。
-Jack Schwagor,author of the Market Wizard book series,cjackschwagor
每个交易者都是不同的，应该找到他自己的使用AVW 的方法。1     eure    spectic    stratecies。高度关注MarketWatch,@mardermarketCo-fou!nici    价格分析，Brian Shannon已经达到了顶峰。realpeer,     他的关于锚定 VWAP 的书将作为权威的作者和交易者，@PeterBrandtIMarder,1n
每个交易者都是不同的，应该找到他自己的使用AVW 的方法。1     eure    spectic    stratecies。高度关注MarketWatch,@mardermarket
Co-fou!
nici    价格分析，Brian Shannon已经达到了顶峰。realpeer,     他的关于锚定 VWAP 的书将作为权威的
作者和交易者，@PeterBrandt
I
Marder,
1
n
在技术分析中，因为该领域已经长期深入研究了，所以果实已经消失了。
我最早是在很久以前接触到Vol    Price,  作为用于大订单的交易技术，主要
是由id 作为分析技术，锚定VWAP。  在我看来
I have used charts and technical analysis for more than 30 years and during that time Ive tried a
gazilion  combinations  and  methods.Currently,I  invite  the  best  Wall  Street  tochnicians  on  my
unique and special.Anchored VWAP is a tool all serious investors and traders should becomeshow to share their knowledge and  Brian stood out  immediatelyas someone that  had something
unique and special.Anchored VWAP is a tool all serious investors and traders should become
familiar with  and  incorporate  in  their  decision-making  process.
-Charles   Payne,CEO   Wall   Street   Strategies,financial   television   anchor,@cvpayne
CLPH  ATRENDSNET
PUBLISHING   LLC