10 best price action trading patterns I Brooks Trading Course
2025/1/28 14:12
Q Search
Search this website....
BlogLearn to Trade>
About the Course》
Forum
Log In
English>
Online Course>
10 best price action trading patterns
原文网址：
https://www.brookstradingcourse.com/price-action/10-best-
10种最佳价格行为交易模式
price-action-trading-patterns/
August18,2020ByAl Brooks2020年8月18日，作者：AlBrooks
Table of contents 目录
。 10 best price action trading patterns
10种最佳的价格行为交易模式
o Major trend reversals
主要趋势反转
o Final flags
最终旗形
Breakouts
突破
高2牛旗和低2熊旗
o High 2bull flags and Low 2bear flags
o Wedges:three pushes up or down
楔形：三次推升或下跌
。 Channels
通道
测量移动
o Measured moves
Trading range reversals
交易区间反转
开盘反转
o Opening reversals
o Magnets (supportand resistance)
磁力（支撑和阻力）
参考文献
o References
10 best price action trading patterns
10个最佳价格行为交易形态
These 10 Best Price Action Trading Patterns are 这些10种最佳价格行为交易模式是我的最爱，成功的交易者
BQ
myfavorites,and successfultraders usethese
每天都在使用这些模式来赚钱。保持灵活性，因为每种模式
patterns every day to make money. Be flexible
都有许多变形。如果你对所有可能性保持开放的心态，你将
because each has many variations. If you keep your 开始在每个市场、每个时间框架中每天都看到它们。
mind open to all possibilities, you will begin to see
them every day, in every market, and on every time
frame.
So which is the best price action trading pattern for
那么，哪种价格行为交易模式最适合波段交易或剥头皮交
不要去祈求容
swing trading or for scalping? Which is the best for
易？哪种最适合外汇市场？对于日内交易者或商品交易又如
DONOTPRAYFOR
易的生活，而
EASYLIVES.PRAYTO
Forex markets? What about for day traders or
何？这并不重要，因为根据你面前的图表，任何模式都可能
是祈祷成为最
commodity trading? It does not matter because any 是最好的。
BE STRONGER MEN.
强的男人
pattern can be the best, depending on the chart in
front of you.
Also, several might be present at the same time. For example, there can be a failed
此外，几种模式可能同时出现。例如，在测量移动目标位上方
breakout above a bull channel at a measured move projection, and the breakout
可能出现一个牛通道的失败突破，而突破可能来自一个三角
might have been out of a triangle. Some traders would call it a final flag reversal,
形。一些交易者可能称之为最终旗形反转，其他人可能看到
others might see a major trend reversal, and some would concentrate on the failed
主要趋势反转，而有些人则会关注失败通道突破。
channel breakout.
关键是要理解价格行为模式背后的力量，并准备好在你看到它
The key is to understand what forces are behind the price action patterns and be
们展开时进行交易。
ready to trade them as you see them unfold.
Major trend reversals
主要趋势反转
A bull trend is a series of higher lows and highs, and a bear trend is a series of
上涨趋势是一系列更高的低点和高点，而下跌趋势是一系列更
lower highs and lows. Trading a major trend reversal pattern is an attempt to enter
低的高点和低点。交易主要趋势反转模式是为了在新趋势开
at the start of a new trend, hoping that a series of trending highs and lows will
始时入场，希望随后会出现一系列趋势性的高点和低点。
follow.
Since traders are entering before the new trend is clear, the probability of even the
由于交易者在新趋势明确之前入场，即使看起来最好的形态，
其成功率通常也只有40%。这些交易者寻求低风险（紧密的止
best looking setup is usually only 40%. These traders are looking for low risk (a
损），但这几乎总是伴随着低概率。对于这些早期入场的交
tight stop), but that almost always comes with low probability. The math is good for
易者和那些等待强势突破进入明确趋势的交易者来说，数学
both these early entry traders and for those who wait for the strong breakout into a
上都是有利的。主要趋势反转的组成部分包括：
clear trend. The components of a major trend reversal include a
。 Trend
趋势
突破通道的回调
o Pullback that breaks out of channel
趋势的恢复
o Resumption of the trend
o 2nd pullback that grows into opposite trend
第二次回调演变为相反趋势
1/12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Tight Bear Channel:Minor Reversal Lead to Major Reversal
Strong minor reversal
Final bear leg is tight bear channel
so minor reversal into TR is more likely
than major reversal into bull trend
Strong bull signal bar for LL MTR
Bulls got major trend reversal
强劲的小幅反转
最后的熊市走势是窄下跌通道
因此，小幅反转进入交易区间的可能性
大于大幅反转进入牛市趋势的可能性
LLMTR的强劲牛市信号K
多头获得了主要趋势反转
LL MTR
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
第一次突破窄下跌通道通常是次级的。第二次反转有40%的可能
First breakout above a tight bear channel is typically minor:The 2nd reversal has a 40% chance of
性是主要的，就像这里一样。在接近高点收盘的阳线上方买入
being major; like here. Buy above a bull bar closing near its high (green rectangle).
(绿色矩形）。
HHMTR:OftenLeads toLHMTR
Wedge
HH MTR
LH MTR
Strongbear Bobelowwedgebottom
below neck line of Head and Shoulders Top
强劲的下跌突破楔形底部
低于头肩顶的颈线
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
从牛旗（这里是三角形）上方突破后反转下跌通常是一个更
A reversal down fiom a breakout above a bull flag (here, a triangle) is ofien a higher high major trend
高的高点主要趋势反转。在接近低点收盘的阴线下方卖出。
reversal. Sell below a bear bar closing near its low A lower high major trend reversal frequently
较低的高点主要趋势反转经常跟随较高的高点反转。在熊市
follows a higher high reversal. There were many opportunities to sell (red rectangle) below a bear bar
趋势中，有许多在阴线下方卖出的机会（红色矩形）。交易
in the bear trend. Traders do not take every sell signal.
者不会抓住每一个卖出信号。
However, they need to understand that the bear's have taken control.
然而，他们需要理解熊市已经控制了局面，并且应该尝试至
and they should try to take at least one sell signal.
少抓住一个卖出信号。
Expanding Triangle:Variation of LLMTR
Daily chart of a stock
Sometimes a selloff to a new low
after a very strong reversal up
is just a deep pullback from that rally
有时在强劲的上涨反转后，
下跌至创出新低
只是该反弹的深度回调
扩张三角形的底是主要趋势
反转中更低的低点
Expanding Triangle Bottom is always
also a lower low major trend reversal
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.con
图表出现了一次非常强劲的上涨反转，但空头再次
There was a very strong reversal up in the middle of the chart, but the bears got one more new low.
创下新低。有时，新低可能只是强劲反弹的深度回
Sometimes a new low can simply be a deep pullback from a strong rally, like here. Every Expanding
调，就像这里一样。每个扩展三角形底部也是一个
较低低点的主要趋势反转。有许多机会在接近高点
Triangle Bottom is also a lower low major trend reversal. There were many opportunities to buy above
收盘的阳线上方买入
a bull bar closing near its high.
Final flags
最终旗形
The components ofa final flag are
最终旗形的组成部分包括：
。 Trend
趋势
o Pullback that is usually mostly horizontal. It can be as brief as a single bar
回调通常大多是横向的，可能短暂到只有一根K线
趋势通常接近磁力位（牛市中的阻力位，熊市中的支撑位）
2/12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

可能还有其他反转迹象（在牛市中，例如在通道顶
building selling pressure near the top of a channel)
部附近积累的卖压）
A final flag is a trend reversal pattern that begins as a continuation pattern. Traders 最终旗形是一种趋势反转模式, 开始时表现为延续模式。交易者
expect the continuation to fail and are ready to take a trade in the opposite
预期延续会失败，并准备在相反方向进行交易。
direction.
与所有趋势反转一样，反转成功的概率通常只有约40%。我的总
Like all trend reversals, the probability of a swing is usually only about 40%. My
体目标是10根K线2段走势（TBTL），这意味着至少要有十根K线
和两段走势的反转。反转还意味着回报至少是风险的两倍（我对
Two Legs (TBTL). A swing also means a reward that is at least twice as large as the
成功波段交易的最低标准）。
risk (my minimum criterion for a successful swing).
60%的交易会导致小的盈亏，通常相互抵消。希望获得更高成功
Sixty percent of the trades result in small wins and losses that usually balance each
率的交易者通常会等待反转在新方向上出现强势突破。此时，反
other out. Traders who want a higher probability usually will wait for the reversal to
转交易的成功概率通常为60%或更高，但止损位较远。
have a strong breakout in the new direction. At that point, the probability of a
swing trade is often 60% or more, but the stop is far away.
这种风险的增加是一种权衡。总会有一些因素让与你交易对立的
That increase in risk is the trade-off. There always has to be something in the trade *
机构有利可图。如果你获得高胜率，你将以较差的盈亏比为代
价。
for the institution taking the other side of your trade. If you get great probability,
you pay for it with bad risk/reward (reduced reward relative to risk).
Final Bear Flag: LL MTR
616
窄交易区间可能是最终旗形
Tight TR late in bear trend
So possible Final Bear Flag
Babovebull bar
closing near its H
Final Bear Flag Reversal
LL MTR, Micro DB
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
在下跌趋势末期，一个窄交易区间通常是最终熊旗。
A tight trading range late in a bear trend is ofien the Final Bear Flag.
Traders will look for the breakout below to reverse up.
交易者会寻找下方的突破以反转上涨。
Triangle Late in Bull Trend: Final Bull Flag
Triangle above MA
Final Bull Flag
Magnet so expect test back down
Here, at end of day
移动平均线上方的三角形
最终牛旗
磁力位，因此预期会回测下方
这里，在交易日结束时
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
三角形是一个窄交易区间。
A triangle is a tight trading range. When it forms late in a bull trend,
当它在牛市趋势后期形成时，通常是最终牛旗。
it usually is the Final Bull Flag.
突破
Breakouts
Breakout of what?Of any support or resistance.It does not matter.Every trend 突破什么？任何支撑或阻力。这并不重要。每根趋势K线都是某
bar is a breakout of something，if only the high or low of the prior bar.With 种突破，即使只是前一根K线的高点或低点。随着经验的积累，
experience, traders begin to see what is truly being broken out.
交易者开始看到真正被突破的是什么。
The most common things are trading ranges, pullbacks, prior highs and lows,
最常见的是交易区间、回调、前期高点和低点、趋势线、通道
trend lines, channels, and moving averages. Sometimes traders need to switch
和移动平均线。有时交易者需要切换到更高的时间框架才能看
to a higher time frame to see the breakout.
到突破。
Among the 10 best price action trading patterns, breakouts are my favorite
在这10种最佳价格行为交易模式中，突破是我的最爱，因为我
because I like high probability trades.
喜欢高概率交易。
3/12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Breakout:Trend Bar Closing Beyond Support or Resistance
BO below prior L
and EMA
BO below
BOabove
bull channel
BO above
Bullflag
and EMA
Bullflag
and prior H
BOabove
EMA
BOabove
bearchannel
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
A breakout is simply a trend bar up or down. A breakout ahways closes beyond at least minor support or
突破就是一根上涨或下跌的趋势线。突破总是收盘在
至少是次要支撑或阻力之外。K线越大，支撑或阻力
resistance. The bigger the bar and the more important the support or resistance, the more likely the
trend will continue at least a little longer:
越重要，趋势至少继续一段时间的可能性就越大。
High 2 bull flags and Low 2 bear flags
高2牛旗和低2熊旗
Many traders find bar counting confusing because they want it to be perfect and
许多交易者发现K线计数令人困惑，因为他们希望它是完美和清晰
clear. What they don't understand is that the purpose of the market is to create
的。他们不明白的是，市场的目的是制造混乱。市场会在多头和
confusion. It wants to spend as much time as possible at prices where both the
空头都认为公平上价格花费尽可能多的时间。这促进了交易，这
bulls and bears feel that the price is fair This facilitates trading, which is the reason
也是市场被创建的原因。
why the market was created.
这些旗形的基本理念是，市场通常会尝试几次反转趋势，从而形
The basic idea of these flags is that the market often makes a couple attempts to
成两段走势。如果这两次反转尝试失败，市场通常会尝试向另一
reverse a trend, which creates two legs. If those two reversals attempts fail, the
个方向移动。如果趋势恢复，逆势交易者知道他们遇到了麻烦，
market usually tries to go in the other direction. Since the other direction is a trend
旦第二次尝试失败，他们会迅速退出。
and it is now resuming, the countertrend traders know they are in trouble and will
be quick to exit once that second attempt fails.
他们也不会急于再次尝试。结果是一个高概率的延续模式交易，
通常会快速移动。交易者通常会剥头皮，但当趋势仍然强劲时，
They will also not be eager to try again. The result is a high probability continuation
他们可以部分或全部仓位做波段。
pattern trade that usually moves quickly. Traders often scalp these setups, but
when the trend is still strong, they can swing part or all of their position.
这些模式通常是嵌套的，较小的版本在两段较大的走势中形成。
交易者是在较小的版本还是较大的版本上入场并不重要，只要他
The patterns are often nested, with a smaller version forming in each of the two
们使用正确的波段交易止损。
bigger legs. It does not matter whether a trader enters on the smaller version or
the larger, as long as they use the correct swing stop.
Low1andLow2in BearTrendorTR:Sbelow Bear Bar
L1, L2, and L3 are pullbacks in bear trend or TR
If 15t move down fails
Beginners should look for strong bear trend
and there is a 2nd entry,
In past 15 bars, better if
the PB is a L2 bear flag
nomore than 1closeabove EMA
Higher probability of profit when selling
below bear bar that closes near its low
EveryDT isL2
L1
20GapBarS
Micro DT so L2
6MAGapBars
Once bar goes below
prior bar in PB
PB is Low 1 sell signal setup
(L1 bear flag)
If bulls twice try to rally and fail, they will give up
Creates Low 2 Bear Flag
S below bear bar, since bulls exiting with loss
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
setup. If it triggers, but there is then one more leg in the pullback, it creates a
形态。如果它触发，但随后回调中又多了一段走势，就形成了低2熊旗。
Low 2 bear flag. A Low 3 is either a triangle or a wedge (a triangle that is diagonal).
低3要么是三角形，要么是楔形（斜向的三角形）。
A double top is a Low 2 bear flag. Sometime the legs have many bars
双顶是低2熊旗。有时这些走势包含许多K线，并细分为更小的模式。
and subdivide into smaller patterns.
4/12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

H1 andH2B Setups:PB in Bull Trend orTR
If bears twice try to sellff and fail, they will give up
Creates High 2 Bull Flag
B above bull bar, since bears exiting with loss
If 1st move up fails
Every DB is H2
H3 = triangle or wedge
and there is a 2nd entry,
the PB is a H2 bullflag
H1, H2, and H3 are pullbacks in bull trend or TR
Beginners should look for strong bull trend
In past 15 bars, better if
no morethan1closebelow EMA
Higher probability of profit when buying
above bull bar that closes near its high
Oncebar goes above
prior bar in PB
PB is High 1 buy signal setup
(H1 bull flag)
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.con
Inabulltrend orabull leginatradingrangepullbacktheIsttimethehighofabarisat在上涨趋势或交易区间的上涨走势回调中，当一根K线的高点达到或超过
or above the high of the prior bar, the pullback is a High I bull flag. If it triggers,
前一根K线的高点时，回调是高1牛旗。
but there is then one more leg down, that creates a High 2 bull jlag.
如果它触发，但随后又有一段下跌走势，就形成了高2牛旗。
A triangle is a sideways High 3 bull flag, and a wedge bull flag is a triangle
三角形是横向的高3牛旗，而模形牛旗是向下倾斜的三角形。
that is sloped down. Every small double bottom is a High 2 bull flag
每个小的双底都是高2牛旗。
楔形：三推向上/向下
Wedges: three pushes up or down
楔形的传统定义是一个向上或向下倾斜的收敛三角形，交易者预期
The traditional definition of a wedge is a converging triangle that slopes up or
突破方向与倾斜方向相反。他们寻找向下倾斜楔形的向上突破，以
及向上倾斜楔形的向下突破。
They look for an upside breakout of a wedge that is sloped down, and for a
downside breakout of a wedge that is sloped up.
Wedges are continuation patterns when they are pullbacks within trends, and they
当楔形是趋势内的回调时，它们是延续模式；当它们较大且背景合
are reversal patterns when they are large and the context is right. When they are
适时，它们是反转模式。当它们是旗形时，它们是小的反转模式。
例如，当在上涨趋势中出现楔形回调时，楔形是一个小的下跌走
flags, they are small reversal patterns. For example, when there is a wedge
pullback in a bull trend,the wedge is a small bear leg.Traders expect that bear leg 势。交易者预期这个下跌走势会失败并反转向上。
to fail and to reverse up.
In the broadest sense, a wedge is any pattern with three (sometimes four or five)
从广义上讲，楔形是任何具有三次（有时四次或五次）推动并向上
pushes that is sloped up or down. It does not have to be convergent and the third
或向下倾斜的模式。它不必是收敛的，第三次推动也不必超过第二
push does not have to exceed the second.
次。
they can extend the line to the right (a trend channel line). They will then watch for x
延伸（趋势通道线）。如果市场第三次接近这条线，他们将观察是
a reversal if the market approaches the line for a third time.
否会出现反转。
The closer any pattern is to ideal, the more reliable it is because more computers
任何模式越接近理想状态，它就越可靠，因为更多的计算机会将其
will treat it as significant. However, traders should never lose sight of the
视为重要。然而，交易者不应忽视潜在的力量，并应学会适应每种
模式的每一种可能的变化。这将为他们提供更多的交易机会。
variation of every pattern. This will give them far more trading opportunities.
Wedge Top: Reversal Day
Wedgetop
Micro DT, bear S signal bar
Expect at least 2 legs down and
ReversalDay
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
A wedge top is a bull channel that is converging. Most wedge tops have 3 legs up, but some have a 4th
楔形顶是一个收敛的牛市通道。大多数模形顶部有3段上涨走势，但有
andrarelya5th.Traderssellbelowabearbarclosingnearitslowandexpectatleast2legsdown.The些有第4段，极少数有第5段。交易者在接近低点收盘的阴线下方卖出，
legs ofien subdivide into smallerlegs.Anybull chammelshouldbeviewedasa bearJlag sincethereisa并预期至少有两段下跌走势。这些走势通常细分为更小的走势。任何牛
75% chance of a break below thebull trend line.
市通道都应被视为熊旗，因为有75%的可能性会跌破多头趋势线。
5/12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Wedge Bottom: Shape Not Important
Some wedges do not have wedge shape
Minimum needed for wedge is
3 reversals up or 3 pushes down
Always easierto seepattern
when choosing the line with the overshoot
Here, connect 1t and 3rd points, not 1 and 2
Does not matter the 2nd point is below line
Buy reversal up from failed attempt
to create outside down day
2 is bad choice for line
Wedge bullflag
Does not show that market is trying to
reverse up from wedge
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
Wedges are rarely perfect, and most do not look like a textbook wedge. If a bear chamnel has 3 legs
模形很少是完美的，大多数看起来不像教科书上的模形。如果一个熊市通道有3
段下跌走势，即使通道没有模形形状，也应将其视为模形。
down,even ifthe chammel does not havea wedge shape, view it as a wedge.The same forces are at
同样的力量在起作用。市场试图反复下跌，但不断反转向上。
work. The market is trying to go down repeatedly, but keeps reversing up
在某个时刻，交易者认为市场需要尝试另一个方向（向上）。
At some point, traders decide it needsto try the other direction (up)
Parabolic Wedge Top: Endless PB, Then Bear Reversal Day
Parabolic wedge channel
Tight bull channel so minor reversal likely,
but got Endless PB and major reversal
DT LH MTR
Bear BO and FT
When no majortop,
often falls far before LH MTR
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
如果在一个多头窄通道中有3次上涨，该通道就是一个抛物
If there are 3 suges in a tight bull channel, the channel is a parabolic wedge. This is a buy climax and
线模形。这是一个买入高潮，可能导致交易区间，甚至趋
it can lead to a trading range, or even a bear trend reversal, like here.
势反转，就像这里一样。
Channels
通道
The market is always in channels. Sometimes traders have to look at a higher time
市场总是在通道中运行。有时交易者需要查看更高时间框架的图
frame chart to see them. Most are not what textbooks and websites describe as
表才能看到它们。大多数通道并不是教科书和网站上描述的那
channels.
样。
However, traders know what channels really look like and they are very flexible
然而，交易者知道通道的真正样子，他们在选择画线点时非常灵
when they choose points to draw lines. Once they see two points, they draw a line
活。一旦他们看到两个点，就会画一条线，并观察市场是否在回
and watch to see if the market reverses if it get back to the line. They are
到该线时反转。他们不断擦除市场忽略的线，并总是绘制新的
constantly erasing lines that the market is ignoring and are always drawing new
线。
ones.
Always InChannel:ReversalsAre MoreCommon Than Breakouts
Reversal down from failed breakout
above top of bull channel
Sell below bear bar closing near its L
Reversalup from overshootof bottom ofchannel
Failed bear breakout
ii buy setup
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
Every market is ahways in a channel. Sometimes it is clearer on a smaller or higher time frame chart.
每个市场总是在一个通道中运行。有时在较小或较高的时间框架图
Traders look to enter on reversals since reversals
表上更清晰。交易者希望在反转时入场，因为反转比突破更常见
are more common that breakouts.
6/12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

17BarBearMicroChannel:S Climax
S above H of prior bar
S below bear bar closing near its L
Streak of 17 consecutive bars without PB
Unusual and therefore unsustainable and S climax
Exhausted bears so expect end of selling and start of TR
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
A micro channel is a series of bars without a pullback. It is a strong trend, but once it reaches about lo
微通道是一系列没有回调的K线。这是一个强劲的趋势，但
一旦达到约10根K线，就不可持续。因此，它也是一个高潮
bars, it is unsustainable. It therefore is also a climax.
高潮通常会演变为一个交易区间。
A climax typically evolves into a trading range.
Bull BOAbove Wedge Bull Channel:Huge Bull Trend
S&P Cash Index,monthly chart
la1616
1995 bull breakout above wedge bull channel
Became hugebull trend
1987 Crash
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
The S&P cash index was in a wedge bull channel from the 1987 crash to late 1994.
标普现金指数从1987年崩盘到1994年底处于一个楔形多头通
It is dificult to see because the rally that followed a breakout above the bull channel has been huge.
道中。这很难看到，因为突破牛市通道后的涨幅非常巨大。
突破牛市通道上方的成功概率只有25%。
There is only a 25% chance of a successful breakout above a bull channel.
Measured moves
测量移动
The market often tries to do something twice. The result is that most tops are
市场经常尝试做某事两次。结果是大多数顶部是双顶的变形，大多数
variations of double tops, most bottoms are variations of double bottoms, and
底部是双底的变形，趋势通常至少有一个第二段，第二段的大小与
trends often have at least a second leg with the size of the second leg related to
第一段相关
that of the first leg.
每个人都熟悉第一段等于第二段的测量移动。这是市场第二段几乎与
Everyone is familiar with a Leg 1 = Leg 2 measured move. This i, where the market
第一段长度相同的情况。
has a second leg that is almost identical to the length of the first.
此外，交易者在突破交易区间后寻找测量移动。他们预期移动的大小
Also, traders look for a measured move after a breakout from a trading range. They
与交易区间的高度大致相同。计算机使用许多其他类型的测量移动来
获利或进入反转交易，其中一些基于日内缺口或突破的高度。
many other types of measured moves that the computers use to either take profits
or to enter reversal trades, and several are based on intraday gaps, or the height of
breakouts.
Leg 1 = Leg 2: Trend Resumption Down to MM
Bears expect 2nd leg down to be
2nd leg after trend resumption
about same size as 1st leg
is often about same size as 1st leg
They take profits around L1 = L2 MM
Leg 1= Leg 2 Measured Move
Leg1
Leg 2
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
7/12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Whenthereisapullbackfiromatrend,thetrendtypicallyresumes.The2nd legisfirequentlyveryclose当趋势出现回调时，趋势通常会恢复。第二段的大小通常与
insize to the Ist leg.This isa Leg1=Leg2Measured Move.Traders lookto sella reversaldownfora第一段非常接近。这是第一段等于第二段的测量移动。交易
者希望卖出反转下跌以测试测量移动目标。
test of the Measured Move target.
Measuring Gap: Reached MM Target
Big tail so strong reversal up
from test of top of lowerTR
Therefore,top of lower TR is important
Low of day is always important
They therefore should create a MM target,
and gap is Measuring Gap
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
When there is a breakout, the trend ofien continues for a measured move based on the height of the
当出现突破时，趋势通常会根据早期区间的高度继续测量移动。
earlierrange.Tradersbuythebull trend andanypullback.Theyespeciallylikeapullbackthattests the交易者买入牛市趋势和任何回调。他们特别喜欢测试突破点但随
后反转向上的回调。
breakout point, but then reverses back up.
区间中的反转交易
Trading range reversals
即使在交易区间明显之前，市场通常会有双边交易的迹象，提
Even before a trading range is obvious, the market usually has signs of two-sided
醒交易者可能是一个交易区间日。在这种情况下，市场通常会
trading that alert traders to a possible trading range day. When that is the case, the
以足够的动量冲向顶部，使交易者错误地认为他们可以买入小
market often races to the top with enough momentum to make traders erroneously
幅回调并合理预期第二段上涨。同样，他们在底部看到一根大的
believe that they can buy a small pullback and reasonably expect a second leg up.
空头趋势K线，然后开始卖出反弹，因为他们不明白实际发生了
什么。
bounces because they do not understand what is actually happening.
The market regularly gets vacuumed to the top, where bulls take profits instead of
市场经常被吸到顶部，多头在那里获利了结而不是买入更多，而
buying more,and thebears appear out of nowhere.Both thebulls and bears expect 空头突然出现。多头和空头都预期对阻力的测试会导致突破失
the test of resistance to lead to a failed breakout.
败。
The opposite is true at the bottom. When the market gets near support, bear
在底部则相反。当市场接近支撑位时，熊市剥头皮者卖出更
scalpers sell even more, expecting the market to fall just a little more. Bulls stop
多，预期市场会再下跌一点。多头停止买入，因为他们确信市场
buying because they are confident that the market will reach the support and
会达到支撑位并可能突破它。为什么现在买入，而几分钟后可以
probably poke through it. Why buy now when they can buy lower in a few minutes?
以更低的价格买入？
The result is that the market creates strong bear bars at the bottom as it is
结果是市场在接近支撑位时形成强劲的阴线。没有后续的卖出，
vacuumed down to support. Instead of follow-through selling, buyers come. The
买家进场。空头买入以获利了结，多头买入以建立多头头寸。
bears buy to take profits and the bulls buy to initiate longs.
TradingRange:2nd Buy andSell Signals at Reversals
Early TR PA
Sell 2nd entry in top 3rd
Deep PBfrom BTC BO to newhigh
Expect test of L
Expect TR day
of day since TR day
Buy 2nd entry Failed BO Low of day
for test of middle of day
Got new H of day
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
在交易区间中，上涨和下跌的走势通常很强劲。当它们强劲时，
如果交易者等待第二个信号，他们赚钱的概率会更高。
The legs ip and down in a trading range are ofen strong. When they are, traders have a higher
probability of making money if they wait for a 2nd signal.
当交易者刚开始时，他们通常不会意识到市场正在形成一个
When traders start out, they often do not realize that the market is forming a
交易区间，直到交易日结束。K线通常会给出早期信号，就
trading range until the day is over. The bars often give early signs, as they did here. i
像这里一样。有许多带有明显影线的K线，许多回调，咋天
There were many bars with prominent tails, lots of pullbacks, yesterday ended in a
结束时处于一个紧密的交易区间（市场有惯性，往往会继续
tight trading range (markets have inertia and tend to continue what they have been
1之前的行为），并且很少有连续两到三根大趋势线的区域。
doing), and few areas of 2 or 3 consecutive big trend bars. This means that the
这意味着多头和空头对后续走势感到失望。
bulls and bears were disappointed by the follow-through.
8/12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

新手对反复的反转感到困惑和失望，没有意识到这些感觉是
Beginners feel confused and disappointed by the repeated reversals, not realizing
交易区间的特征。当有经验的交易者察觉到这些感觉时，他
that these feelings are the hallmarks of trading ranges. When experienced traders
们会将其视为机会。他们押注每次突破都会反转，并寻求低
买高卖和短线交易。
breakout will reverse and they look to buy low, sell high, and scalp.
即使市场在中午时段呈下跌趋势，他们也会预期当天的突破
Even when the market trended down at midday, they expected the breakout to the
新低会失败。这是因为在交易区间日内，这种情况通常会发
new low of the day to fail. This is because that's what usually happens on trading
生。他们买入反转上涨，押注反弹会回到突破点（第一个小
时的低点）之上，并重新进入交易区间。
above the breakout point (the low of the first hour) and back into the trading range. B
Opening reversals
开盘反转
The components of an opening reversal pattern are:
开盘反转模式的组成部分：
通常快速移动到磁力位（支撑或阻力）
o Usually fast move to a magnet (support or resistance)
在前60到90分钟内反转，导致接下来几小时或全天的震荡
o Reversal in 1st 60 - 90 minutes that leads to a swing for the next few hours or
the entire day
Most strong bull trend bars on the daily chart have at least a small tail on the
大多数日线图上的强劲牛市趋势线在底部至少有一个小的影线，
bottom, which is usually caused by an opening reversal (a selloff on the open that
这通常是由开盘反转（开盘时下跌然后反转上涨，因此是一个反
reverses up,and it is therefore a reversal pattern)Similarly,most bear trend bars 转模式）引起的。同样，日线图上的大多数熊市趋势线通常在顶
on the daily chart usually have a tail on top caused by an opening reversal down.
部有一个影线，这是由于开盘反转下跌引起的。
Sell Vacuum Test of Yesterday's L: Buy Reversal Up
ua1616
Strong reversal,
but never got back to H
Sell Climax
Yesterday's L
Opening Reversal up
LL DB with yesterday's low
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
开盘时出现了巨大的抛售。这是对昨天低点的卖出真空测试，这
There was a huge selloff on the open. It was a sell vacuum test of yesterday's low, which is ahvays a
始终是支撑的良好候选。市场在当天剩余时间内反弹。
good candidate for support. The market rallied for the rest of the day.
GapUp:Wedge Bull Flag Opening Reversal
Wedge bull flag Opening Reversal up from MA
50%PBfrom yesterday's higher low
Babovebull bar
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
Afier a gap up, the market pulled back to the 20 bar EMA. The reversal up was the 3rd rally attempt
在跳空高开后，市场回调至EMA20。反转上涨是第三次反弹尝
and therefore this Opening Reversal was a wedge bull jlag test of the EMA.
试，因此这个开盘反转是对EMA的模形牛旗测试。
9/12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

GapDown:Double TopBearFlagJustbelowMA
Gapdown
Double Top just below MA
Possible High of day
Higher probability of profit
if s 2nd or 3rd consecutive bear close
orbelowthosebars
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
每当出现向下跳空缺口时，交易者会关注指数移动平均线附近
Whenever there is a gap down, traders will watch for a double top bear flag around the EMA. They will
的双顶熊旗。他们会在反转下跌时卖出，希望形成当天的早期
sell the reversal down, hoping for an early high of the day and a bear trend.
高点并开启下跌趋势。
Magnets (support and resistance)
磁铁位置 (支撑和阻力)
The final pattern in my 1o best price action trading patterns is more of a concept
在我的十大最佳价格行为交易模式中，最后一个模式更像是一
than a setup. The market is always testing as it tries to establish a price range. It
个概念而非具体的设置。市场总是在测试，试图建立一个价格
usually cannot tell if it has gone far enough up or down until it goes too far.
区间。通常，市场无法确定是否已经上涨或下跌得足够多，直
到它走得太远。
Support is any price below the market where buyers might come in, as either bulls
buy to create new longs or bears buy to take profits. Resistance is any price above
支撑是指市场下方可能吸引买家的任何价格，无论是多头买入
the market where bulls might take profits on longs and bears might short.
以建立新的多头头寸，还是空头买入以获利了结。阻力是指市
场上方可能吸引多头获利了结或空头开仓的任何价格。
Common magnets include the tops and bottoms of trading ranges, prior highs and
lows, trend lines, channels, measured move projections, and moving averages.
常见的吸引点包括交易区间的顶部和底部、前期高点和低点、
Computers control the market, and all support and resistance is based on things
趋势线、通道、测量移动目标和移动平均线。计算机控制市
that computer programs can calculate. The result is that the market often
场，所有的支撑和阻力都基于计算机程序可以计算的因素。
accelerates near the target once a substantial number of algorithms believe that
结果是，一旦大量算法认为目标将会达到，市场往往会在接
the target will be reached.
近目标时加速。
Breakout Test:Double Bottom
Small PB Bull Trend has pullbacks thattest BO points
Formgapsand bodygaps
Sometimes BO Test is DB
BO Point
BO Test
BO Test
BOtestwasDB
2 ticks below BO point so body gap
(bodies do not overlap highest body in BO Point)
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
When a market breaks above a prior high, it ofien pulls back to test that breakout point.
当市场突破前期高点时，通常会回撤以测试该突破点。多头会
Bulls will buy a reversal up.
在反转上涨时买入。
TRDay:OpenIs Magnet All Day,and Especially Late in Day
TR day where open was in middle 3rd
Open is magnet in final 3rd of day
S for test
6 consecutive bear days on daily chart is climactic
ofopen
Today was likely to C above the open
and create bull day on daily chart
B since C will probably
be above open after
6bear days
Bfortest of open
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
10/12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

一个交易区间日（TradingRangeDay）通常全天围绕开盘价
A trading range day ofien oscillates around the open all day Jf the market is near the high or low of the
波动。如果市场在最后两小时内接近当日高点或低点，应寻
day in the final 2 hours, look for a reversal toward the open.
找向开盘价反转的机会。
Most trading range days end the day around the open.
大多数交易区间日会在收盘时接近开盘价结束。
Beginners See: Random Reversal Down
Beginners wonder, "why did the strong bull trend
suddenly become a bear trend?
That's not fair! They are stealing my money!"
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
Beginner gets upset by strong rally suddenly becoming endless bear trend.
新手会因为强劲的上涨突然转变为无尽的下跌趋势而感到
沮丧
Experience Traders:See Buy Climax at Resistance
616
Parabolic wedge top
Yesterday's H
Measured move up
Test of yesterday's high
BrooksTradingCourse.com
BrooksPriceAction.com
Experienced trader knows where resistance is and looks for a reversal down. Any strong rally to
经验丰富的交易者知道阻力位在哪里，并会寻找反转下跌的
resistance can simply be a bigy vacuum test oftheresistance.
机会。任何向阻力位的强劲上涨可能只是对阻力位的买入真
空测试。
References 参考文献
1.1.维基百科网站，价格行为交易。
1. Wikipedia.org, Price action trading.
2.2.布鲁克斯，阿尔（2009年）。《逐根K线解读价格图表：
2. Brooks, Al (2009). Reading Price Charts Bar by Bar: the Technical Analysis of
严肃交易者的价格行为技术分析》。美国新泽西州霍博肯：
约翰·威利父子出版公司。ISBN978-0-470-44395-8。
Price Action for the Serious Trader. Hoboken, New Jersey, USA: John Wiley &
3.3.布鲁克斯，阿尔（2012年）。《交易价格行为趋势》。美
Sons, Inc. ISBN 978-0-470-44395-8.
国新泽西州霍博肯：约翰·威利父子出版公司。ISBN
3. Brooks, Al (2012). Trading Price Action TRENDS. Hoboken, New Jersey, USA:
978-1-118-16623-9。
John Wiley & Sons,Inc.ISBN 978-1-118-16623-9.
4.4.布克斯，阿尔（2012年）。《交易价格行为交易区
间》。美国新泽西州霍博肯：约翰·威利父子出版公
4. Brooks, AI (2012). Trading Price Action TRADING RANGES. Hoboken, New
司。ISBN978-1-118-17231-5。
Jersey, USA: John Wiley & Sons, Inc. ISBN 978-1-118-17231-5.
5.5.布鲁克斯，阿尔（2012年）。《交易价格行为反转》。美
5. Brooks, Al (2012). Trading Price Action REVERSALS. Hoboken, New Jersey,
国新泽西州霍博肯：约翰·威利父子出版公司。ISBN
USA: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.ISBN 978-1-118-17228-5.
978-1-118-17228-5。
6. Chicago Board of Trade (1997). Commodity trading manual (9th ed. ed.).
6.6.芝加哥期货交易所（1997年）。《商品交易手册》（第9
版）。伦敦：菲茨罗伊·迪尔伯恩出版社。ISBN
London: Fitzroy Dearborn Publishers. ISBN 978-1-57958-002-5.
978-1-57958-002-5。
7. Livermore, Jesse Lauriston (1940). How to trade in stocks. New York, USA:
7.7.利弗莫尔，杰西·劳里斯顿（1940年）。《股票操作
Duel, Sloan & Pearce.
法》。美国纽约：杜尔、斯隆与皮尔斯出版社。
8. Murphy, John J. (1999). Technical analysis of the financial markets : a
8.8.墨菲，约翰·J.（1999年）。《金融市场技术分析：交易
方法与应用综合指南》（第2版）。美国纽约：纽约金融学
comprehensive guide to trading methods and applications (2nd ed. ed.). New
院出版社。ISBN0-7352-0066-1。
York [u.a.]: New York Inst. of Finance. ISBN 0-7352-0066-1.
9.9.尼尔，汉弗莱·B.（1931年）。《盘口解读与市场策
9. Neill, Humphrey B. (1931). Tape reading & market tactics. New York, USA:
略》。美国纽约：市场书籍出版社。ISBN
978-965-00-6041-1。
Marketplace Books.ISBN 978-965-00-6041-1.
10.10.施瓦格，杰克·D.（1996年）。《技术分析》（重印
10. Schwager, Jack D. (1996). Technical analysis (Reprint. ed.). New York, USA:
版）。美国纽约：约翰·威利父子出版公司。ISBN
John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-02051-6.
978-0-471-02051-6。
11. Edwards, Robert D.; Magee,John（1948).Technical Analysis of Stock Trends．11. 11.爱德华兹，罗伯特：D-；马吉，约翰（1948年）。《股
票趋势技术分析》。美国马萨诸塞州斯普林菲尔德：股票趋
Springfield, MA, USA: Stock Trend Service. ISBN 1-880408-00-7.
势服务公司。ISBN1-880408-00-7。
11/12